FEBRUARY 

1

Tiffy 


You’ve got to say this for desperation: it makes you much more 
open-minded. 

I really can see some positives in this flat. The technicolour mould 
on the kitchen wall will scrub off, at least in the short term. The 
filthy mattress can be replaced fairly cheaply. And you could 
definitely make the argument that the mushrooms growing behind 
the toilet are introducing a fresh, outdoorsy feel to the place. 

Gerty and Mo, however, are not desperate, and they are not trying 
to be positive. I would describe their expressions as ‘aghast’. 

‘You can’t live here.’ 

That’s Gerty. She’s standing with her heeled boots together and 
her elbows tucked in tightly, as though occupying as little space as 
possible in protest at being here at all. Her hair is pulled back in a 
low bun, already pinned so she can easily slip on the barrister’s wig 
she wears for court. Her expression would be comical if it weren’t 


my actual life we are discussing here. 


‘There must be somewhere else within budget, Tiff, Mo says 
worriedly, bobbing up from where he was examining the boiler 
cupboard. He looks even more dishevelled than usual, helped by the 
cobweb now hanging from his beard. “This is even worse than the 
one we viewed last night.’ 

I look around for the estate agent; he’s thankfully well out of 
earshot, smoking on the ‘balcony’ (the sagging roof of the 
neighbour’s garage, definitely not designed for walking on). 

Tm not looking around another one of these hellholes,’ Gerty 
says, glancing at her watch. It’s 8 am. - she’ll need to be at 
Southwark Crown Court for nine. “There must be another option.’ 

‘Surely we can fit her in at ours?’ Mo suggests, for about the fifth 
time since Saturday. 

‘Honestly, would you stop with that?’ Gerty snaps. “That is not a 
long-term solution. And she’d have to sleep standing up to even fit 
anywhere.’ She gives me an exasperated look. ‘Couldn’t you have 
been shorter? We could have put you under the dining table if you 
were less than five nine.’ 

I make an apologetic face, but really I’d prefer to stay here than on 
the floor of the tiny, eye-wateringly expensive flat Mo and Gerty 
jointly invested in last month. They’ve never lived together before, 
even when we were at university. I’m concerned that it may well be 
the death of their friendship. Mo is messy, absent-minded and has 
this uncanny ability to take up an enormous amount of room 
despite being relatively small. Gerty, on the other hand, has spent 
the last three years living in a preternaturally clean flat, so perfect 
that it looked computer-generated. I’m not sure how the two 


lifestyles will overlay without West London imploding. 

The main problem, though, is if I’m crashing on someone’s floor I 
can just as easily go back to Justin’s place. And, as of 11 p.m. 
Thursday, I have officially decided that I cannot be allowed that 
option any longer. I need to move forward, and I need to commit to 
somewhere so I can’t go back. 

Mo rubs his forehead, sinking down into the grimy leather sofa. 
‘Tiff, I could lend you some...’ 

‘I don’t want you to lend me any money,’ I say, more sharply than I 
mean to. ‘Look, I really need to get this sorted this week. It’s this 
place or the flatshare.’ 

‘The bedshare, you mean,’ Gerty says. ‘Can I ask why it has to be 
now? Not that I’m not delighted. Just that last I checked you were 
sitting tight in that flat waiting for the next time he-who-must-not- 
be-named deigned to drop by.’ 

I wince, surprised. Not at the sentiment - Mo and Gerty never 
liked Justin, and I know they hate that I’m still living at his place, 
even though he’s hardly ever there. It’s just unusual to hear Gerty 
bring him up directly. After the final peace-making dinner with the 
four of us ended in a furious row, I gave up on trying to make 
everyone get along and just stopped talking to Gerty and Mo about 
him altogether. Old habits die hard - even post break-up we’ve all 
dodged around discussing him. 

‘And why does it have to be so cheap?’ Gerty goes on, ignoring the 
warning look from Mo. ‘I know yow're paid a pittance, but, really, 
Tiffy, four hundred a month is impossible in London. Have you 
actually thought about all this? Properly?’ 


I swallow. I can feel Mo watching me carefully. That’s the trouble 
with having a counsellor as a friend: Mo is basically an accredited 
mind-reader, and he never seems to switch his superpowers off. 
‘Tiff?’ he says gently. 

Oh, bloody hell, Pll just have to show them. There’s nothing else 
for it. Quickly and all at once, that’s the best way - like pulling off a 
plaster, or getting into cold water, or telling my mother I broke 
something ornamental from the living-room dresser. 


I reach for my phone and pull up the Facebook message. 


Tiffy, 

I’m really disappointed in how you acted last night. You were completely 
out of line. It’s my flat, Tiffy — I can come by whenever I like, with whoever 
I like. 

I would have expected you to be more grateful for me letting you stay. I 
know us breaking up has been hard on you — I know you’re not ready to 
leave. But if you think that means you can start trying to ‘lay down some 
rules’ then it’s time you paid me for the past three months of rent. And 
you’re going to need to pay full rent going forwards too. Patricia says 
you’re taking advantage of me, living in my place pretty much for free, 
and even though I’ve always stood up for you with her, after yesterday’s 
performance I can’t help thinking she might be right. 

Justin xx 


My stomach twists when I reread that line, you’re taking advantage of 
me, because I never intended to do that. I just didn’t know that 
when he left he really meant it this time. 

Mo finishes reading first. ‘He “popped in” again on Thursday? 


With Patricia?’ 

I look away. ‘He has a point. He’s been really good to let me stay 
there this long.’ 

‘Funny,’ Gerty says darkly, ‘I’ve always had the distinct impression 
he likes keeping you there.’ 

She makes it sound weird, but I sort of feel the same way. When 
I’m still in Justin’s flat, it isn’t really over. I mean, all the other 
times, he’s come back eventually. But .. . then I met Patricia on 
Thursday. The real-life, extremely attractive, actually quite lovely 
woman Justin has left me for. There’s never been another woman 
before. 

Mo reaches for my hand; Gerty takes the other. We stay like this, 
ignoring the estate agent smoking outside the window, and I let 
myself cry for a moment, just one fat tear down each cheek. 

‘So, anyway,’ I say brightly, withdrawing my hands to wipe my 
eyes, ‘I need to move out. Now. Even if I wanted to stay and risk him 
bringing Patricia back again, I can’t afford the rent, and I owe Justin 
a ton of money, and I really don’t want to borrow from anyone, I’m 
kind of sick of not paying for things myself, to be honest, so . . . yes. 
It’s this or the flatshare.’ 

Mo and Gerty exchange a look. Gerty closes her eyes in pained 
resignation. 

‘Well, you clearly cannot live here.’ She opens her eyes and holds 
out a hand. ‘Show me that advert again.’ 

I hand her my phone, flicking from Justin’s message to the 
Gumtree ad for the flatshare. 


Double bedroom in sunny one-bed Stockwell flat, rent £350 per month 


including bills. Available immediately, for six months minimum. 

Flat (and room/bed) is to share with twenty-seven-year-old palliative care 
nurse who works nights and is away weekends. Only ever in the flat 9 a.m. 
to 6 p.m. Monday to Friday. All yours the rest of the time! Perfect for 
someone with 9 to 5 job. 

To view, contact L. Twomey — details below. 


It’s not just sharing a flat, Tiff, it’s sharing a bed. Sharing a bed is 
odd,’ Mo says wotriedly. 

‘What if this L. Twomey is a man?’ Gerty asks. 

I’m prepared for this one. ‘It doesn’t matter,’ I say calmly. ‘It’s not 
like we’d ever be in the bed at the same time - or the flat, even.’ 

This is uncomfortably close to what I said when justifying staying 
at Justin’s place last month, but never mind. 

‘You'd be sleeping with him, Tiffany!’ Gerty says. ‘Everyone knows 
the first rule of flatsharing is don’t sleep with your flatmate.’ 

‘I don’t think this sort of arrangement is what people are referring 
to,’ I tell her wryly. ‘You see, Gerty, sometimes when people say 
“sleeping together”, what they really mean is—’ 

Gerty gives me a long, level look. ‘Yes, thank you, Tiffany.’ 

Mo’s sniggering stops abruptly when Gerty turns her glare on him. 
‘Td say the first rule of flatsharing is to make sure you get on with 
the person before you move in,’ he says, cannily redirecting the 
glare to me again. ‘Especially in these circumstances.’ 

‘Obviously lll meet this L. Twomey person first. If we don’t get on, 
I won't take it.’ 

After a moment Mo gives me a nod and squeezes my shoulder. We 
all descend into the kind of silence that comes after you’ve talked 


about something difficult - half grateful for it being over, half 
relieved to have managed it at all. 

‘Fine,’ Gerty says. ‘Fine. Do what you need to do. It’s got to be 
better than living in this kind of squalor.’ She marches out of the 
flat, turning at the last moment to address the estate agent as he 
steps through from the balcony. ‘And you,’ she tells him loudly, ‘are 
a curse upon society.’ 

He blinks as she slams the front door. There is a long, awkward 
pause. 

He stubs out his cigarette. ‘You interested, then?’ he asks me. 

I get to work early and sink down in my chair. My desk is the closest 
thing to home at the moment. It’s a haven of half-crafted objects, 
things that have proven too heavy to take back on the bus, and pot 
plants arranged in such a way that I can see people approaching 
before they can tell whether I’m at my desk. My pot-plant wall is 
widely regarded among the other junior staff as an inspiring 
example of interior design. (Really it’s just about choosing plants 
the same colour as your hair - in my case, red - and 
ducking/running away when you catch sight of anyone moving 
purposefully.) 

My first job of the day is to meet Katherin, one of my favourite 
authors. Katherin writes books about knitting and crochet. It’s a 
niche audience that buys them, but that’s the story of Butterfingers 
Press — we love a niche audience. We specialise in crafting and DIY 
books. Tie-dye bedsheets, design your own dresses, crochet yourself 
a lampshade, make all your furniture out of ladders . . . That sort of 


thing. 

I love working here. This is the only possible explanation for the 
fact that I have been Assistant Editor for three and a half years, 
earning below the London living wage, and have made no attempt 
to rectify the situation by, say, applying for a job at a publishing 
house that actually makes money. Gerty likes to tell me that I lack 
ambition, but it really isn’t that. I just love this stuff. As a child, I 
spent my days reading, or tinkering with my toys until they suited 
me better: dip-dying Barbie’s hair, pimping up my JCB truck. And 
now I read and craft for a living. 

Well, not really a living, as such. But a bit of money. Just about 
enough to pay tax. 

Tm telling you, Tiffy, crochet is the next colouring books,’ 
Katherin tells me, once she’s settled herself down in our best 
meeting room and talked me through the plan for her next book. I 
examine the finger she’s waggling in my direction. She has about 
fifty rings on each hand, but I’ve yet to discern whether any of them 
are wedding or engagement rings (I imagine that if Katherin has 
any, she’ll have more than one). 

Katherin is just on the acceptable side of eccentric: she has a 
straw-blonde plait, one of those tans that somehow ages well, and 
endless stories of breaking into places in the 1960s and peeing on 
things. She was a real rebel once. She refuses to wear a bra even to 
this day, when bras have become quite comfortable and women 
have mostly given up on fighting the power because Beyoncé is 
doing it for us. 

‘That’d be good,’ I say. ‘Maybe we could add a strapline with the 


word “mindful” in it. It is quite mindful, isn’t it? Or mindless?’ 

Katherin laughs, tipping her head back. ‘Ah, Tiffy. Your job’s 
ridiculous.’ She pats my hand affectionately and then reaches for 
her handbag. “You see that Martin boy,’ she says, ‘you tell him [ll 
only do that cruise day class if I have a glamorous young assistant.’ 

I groan. I know where this is going. Katherin likes to drag me 
along to these things - for any class she needs a live model to show 
how to measure as you go when you're designing an outfit, 
apparently, and I once made the fatal error of offering myself up for 
the job when she couldn’t find anyone. Now I am her go-to choice. 
PR is so desperate to get Katherin into these sorts of events that 
they’ve started begging me too. 

‘This is too far, Katherin. I’m not going on a cruise with you.’ 

‘But it’s free! People pay thousands for those, Tiffy!” 

‘You're only joining them for the Isle of Wight loop,’ I remind her. 
Martin has already briefed me on this one. ‘And it’s on a weekend. I 
don’t work weekends.’ 

‘It’s not work,’ Katherin insists, gathering her notes and packing 
them into her handbag in an entirely random order. ‘It’s a lovely 
Saturday sailing trip with one of your friends.’ She pauses. ‘Me,’ she 
clarifies. ‘We’re friends, aren’t we?’ 

‘Lam your editor!’ I say, bundling her out of the meeting room. 

‘Think about it, Tiffy” she calls over her shoulder, unperturbed. 
She catches sight of Martin, who is already making a beeline for her 
from over by the printers. ‘I’m not doing it unless she is, Martin, my 
boy! She’s the one you need to talk to!’ 

And then she’s gone, the grubby glass doors of our office swinging 


behind her. 

Martin turns on me. ‘I like your shoes,’ he says, with a charming 
smile. I shudder. I can’t stand Martin from PR. He says things like 
‘let’s action that’ in meetings, and clicks his fingers at Ruby, who is 
a Marketing Exec, but who Martin seems to think is his personal 
assistant. He’s only twenty-three, but has decided it will further his 
merciless pursuit of seniority if he can seem older than he is, so he 
always puts on this awful jocular voice and tries to talk to our MD 
about golf. 

The shoes are excellent, though. They’re purple Doc Marten-style 
boots, with white lilies painted on them, and they took me most of 
Saturday. My crafting and customising has really upped since Justin 
left me. ‘Thanks, Martin,’ I say, already attempting to sidle back to 
the security of my desk. 

‘Leela mentioned that you’re looking for somewhere to live,’ 
Martin says. 

I hesitate. I’m not sure where this is going. I sense nowhere good. 

‘Me and Hana’ - a woman in Marketing who always sneers at my 
fashion sense - ‘have a spare room. You might have seen on 
Facebook, but I thought maybe I should bring it up, you know, IRL. 
It’s a single bed, but, well, I guess that won’t be a problem for you 
these days. As we’re friends, Hana and I decided we could offer it for 
five hundred a month, plus bills.’ 

‘That’s so kind of you!’ I say. ‘But I’ve actually just found 
somewhere.’ Well, I sort of have. Nearly. Oh, God, if L. Twomey 
won’t have me, will I have to live with Martin and Hana? I mean, I 


already spend every working day with them, and frankly that is 


plenty of Martin-and-Hana time for me. I’m not sure my (already 
shaky) resolve to leave Justin’s place can withstand the idea of 
Martin chasing me for rent payments and Hana seeing me in my 
porridge-stained Adventure Time pyjamas every morning. 

‘Oh. Right, well. We’ll have to find someone else, then.’ Martin’s 
expression turns cunning. He has smelled guilt. “You could make it 
up to me by going with Katherin to that—’ 

‘No.’ 

He gives an exaggerated sigh. ‘God, Tiffy. It’s a free cruise! Don’t 
you go on cruises all the time?’ 

I used to go on cruises all the time, when my wonderful and now 
ex-boyfriend used to take me on them. We'd sail from Caribbean 
island to Caribbean island in a sunny haze of romantic bliss. We’d 
explore European cities and then head back to the boat for 
incredible sex in our tiny little bunk. We’d stuff ourselves at the all- 
you-can-eat buffet and then lie out on the deck watching the gulls 
circle above us as we talked idly of our future children. 

‘Gone off them,’ I say, reaching for the phone. ‘Now, if you'll 


excuse me, I have to make a call.’ 

2

Leon 


Phone rings as Doctor Patel is prescribing meds for Holly (little girl 
with leukaemia). Bad timing. Very bad timing. Doctor Patel not 
happy at interruption, and makes her feelings clear. Seems to have 
forgotten that I, too, as night nurse, should have gone home at 8 
a.m., and yet am still here dealing with ill people and grouchy 
consultants like Doctor Patel. 

Hang up when it rings, obviously. Make mental note to listen to 
voicemail and change ringtone to something less embarrassing (this 
one is called ‘Jive’ and is far too funky for hospice setting. Not that 
funk does not have role in place of sickness, just that is not always 
appropriate). 

Holly: Why didn’t you answer? Isn’t that rude? What if it was your 
girlfriend with the short hair? 

Dr Patel: What’s rude is leaving your mobile on loud during a ward 
round. Though I’m surprised whoever-it-was even tried ringing him 
at this hour. 


A glance at me, half irritable, half amused. 

Dr Patel: You may have noticed that Leon is not a big talker, Holly. 

Leans in, conspiratorial. 

Dr Patel: One of the registrars has a theory. He says that Leon has a 
limited number of words to use each shift, and when it gets to this 
time of day, he’s entirely run out. 

Don’t grace this with a response. 

Speaking of girlfriend with short hair: haven’t told Kay about the 
room thing yet. Not had time. Also, am avoiding inevitable conflict. 
But really must call her later this morning. 

Tonight was good. Mr Prior’s pain lessened enough that he could 
start telling me about the man he fell in love with in the trenches: a 
dark-haired charmer called Johnny White, with the chiselled jaw of 
a Hollywood star and a twinkle in his eye. They had one fraught, 
romantic, war-torn summer, then were split up. Johnny White was 
taken to hospital for shellshock. They never saw each other again. 
Mr Prior could’ve got in lots of trouble (homosexuality vexing to 
military sorts). 

I was tired, coffee buzz dying, but stayed with Mr Prior after 
handover. The man never gets visitors and loves to talk when he 
can. Failed to escape conversation without a scarf (my fourteenth 
from Mr Prior). Can only say no a certain number of times, and Mr 
Prior knits so fast I wonder why anyone bothered with the 
Industrial Revolution. Pretty sure he’s faster than a machine. 

x 
Listen to voicemail after eating dangerously reheated chicken stir- 
fry in front of last week’s Masterchef. 


Voicemail: Hi, is that L. Twomey? Oh, shite, you can’t answer - I 
always do this on voicemails. OK, I’m just going to proceed on the 
assumption that you’re L. Twomey. My name’s Tiffy Moore and I’m 
ringing about the Gumtree ad, about a room? Look, my friends 
think it’s weird that we’d be sharing a bed, even though it’d be at 
different times, but it doesn’t bother me if it doesn’t bother you, 
and to be honest I’d do pretty much anything for a central London 
flat I can move into right away at that price. [Pause] Oh, God, not 
anything. There’s loads of things I wouldn’t do. I’m not like . . . No, 
Martin, not now, can’t you see I’m on the phone? 

Who is Martin? A child? Does this rambly woman with Essex 
accent want to bring a child into my flat? 

Voicemail continues: Sorry, that’s my colleague, he wants me to go 
on a cruise with a middle-aged lady to talk to pensioners about 
crochet. 

Not the explanation I was expecting. Better, definitely, but begs 
many questions. 

Voicemail continues: Look, just call me back or text me if the 
room’s still available? I’m super tidy, I'll keep right out of your way 
and I’m still in the habit of cooking double quantities of my dinner 
so if you like home-cooked food I can leave leftovers. 

She reads out her number. Just in time, I remember to jot it down. 

Woman is annoying, definitely. And is female, which may vex Kay. 
But only two other people have called: one asked if I had a problem 
with pet hedgehogs (answer: not unless they are living in my flat) 
and other was definitely a drug dealer (not being judgemental - was 
offered drugs during call). I need £350 extra a month if I’m going to 


keep paying Sal without Kay’s help. This is the only available plan. 
Plus, will never actually see annoying woman. Will only ever be in 
when annoying woman is out. 

I text her. 


Hi there, Tiffy. Thanks for your voicemail. Would be great to meet you and talk 
about the arrangement for my flat. How is Saturday morning? Cheers, Leon 
Twomey. 


Nice, normal-person message. Resist all urges to ask about Martin’s 
cruise-ship plan, though find myself curious. 


She replies almost instantly. 
Hi! Sounds great. 10 a.m. at the flat itself, then? x 


Let's make it 9 a.m., or I'll fall asleep! See you then. Address is on the ad. 
Cheers, Leon. 


There. Done. Easy: £350 a month, almost in the bag already. 
Now to tell Kay. 

3

Tiffy 
So, naturally I get curious and google him. Leon Twomey is a pretty 
unusual name, and I find him on Facebook without having to 
employ the creepy stalker techniques I reserve for new writers I’m 
trying to poach from other publishing houses. 

It’s a relief to see that he’s not my type at all, which will definitely 
simplify things - if Justin did ever meet Leon, for instance, I don’t 
think he’d see him as a threat. He’s got light-brown skin and thick, 
curly hair long enough to be pushed back behind his ears, and he’s 
way too gangly for me. All elbows and neck, you know the type. He 
looks like a nice guy, though - in every photo he’s doing this sweet 
lopsided smile that doesn’t seem at all creepy or murderous, though 
actually if you look at a picture with that idea in mind everyone 
starts to look like an axe-wielding killer, so I try to put the thought 
out of my head. He looks friendly and unthreatening. These are 
good things. 


However, I do now know unequivocally that he is a man. 


Am I actually willing to share a bed with a man? Even sharing a 
bed with Justin was a bit horrible sometimes, and we were in a 
relationship. His side of the mattress sagged in the middle and he 
didn’t always shower in between getting home from the gym and 
going to bed, so there was a sort of . . . sweaty smell to his bit of the 
duvet. I always had to make extra sure it was the same way up so I 
didn’t get the sweaty side. 

But still. £350 per month. And he would never actually be there. 

‘Tiffany!’ 

My head shoots up. Crap, that’s Rachel, and I know what she 
wants. She wants the manuscript for this bloody Make a Stir Bake and 
Make book that I’ve been ignoring all day. 

‘Don’t try sneaking off to the kitchen or pretending to be on the 
phone,’ she says, from over my wall of pot plants. This is the trouble 
with having friends at work: you drunkenly tell them your tricks 
when the two of you go to the pub, and then you’re defenceless. 

‘You’ve had your hair done!’ I say. It’s a desperate ploy to redirect 
the conversation early, but her hair is especially cool today. It’s in 
braids, as always, but this time the tiny plaits have bright turquoise 
ribbon laced between them like corset strings. ‘How do you braid it 
like that?’ 

‘Don’t try to distract me with my Mastermind specialist subject, 
Tiffany Moore,’ Rachel says, tapping her perfectly polka-dotted nails. 
‘When am I getting that manuscript?’ 

‘I just need ...a little longer...’ I put my hand over the papers in 
front of me so she can’t see the page numbers, which are in the 
single digits. 


She narrows her eyes. ‘Thursday? 

I nod eagerly. Yeah, why not? I mean, that’s totally unachievable at 
this point, but Friday sounds a lot better when you're saying it on 
Thursday, so ll just tell her then. 

‘And go for a drink with me tomorrow night?’ 

I pause. I was meant to be good and not spend any money this 
week, on account of the looming debt, but nights out with Rachel 
are always brilliant, and frankly I could really do with having some 
fun. Besides, she won’t be able to argue with me about this 
manuscript on Thursday if she’s hungover. 

‘Done.’ 

Drunk Man No. 1 is the expressive kind. The sort of drunk who likes 
to throw his arms out wide regardless of what might be directly to 
his left or right (so far, that’s included one large fake palm tree, one 
tray of sambuca shots, and one relatively famous Ukrainian model). 
Every movement is exaggerated, even the basic walking steps - you 
know, left foot out in front, right foot out, repeat. Drunk Man No. 1 
makes walking look like the hokey-cokey. 

Drunk Man No. 2 is the deceitful sort. He keeps his face very still 
when he’s listening to you, as though the absence of expression will 
make it clear how very sober he is. He nods occasionally, and fairly 
convincingly, but doesn’t quite blink enough. His attempts to stare 
at your boobs are much less subtle than he thinks they are. 

I wonder what they think of me and Rachel. They headed straight 
for us, but that’s not conclusively positive. Back when I was with 
Justin, if I was going out clubbing with Rachel he would always 


remind me that lots of men see ‘quirky girl’ and think “desperate 
and easy’. He’s right, as per usual. I actually wonder if it’s easier to 
get laid as a quirky girl than a perky cheerleader type: you’re more 
approachable, and nobody assumes you’ve already got a boyfriend. 
Which is probably another reason Justin wasn’t a fan of my nights 
out with Rachel, on reflection. 

‘So, like, books about how to make cakes?’ says Drunk Man No. 2, 
thus proving his listening skills and aforementioned sobriety. 
(Honestly. What’s the point in having sambuca shots if you’re just 
going to pretend you haven’t been drinking all night?) 

‘Yeah!’ Rachel says. ‘Or build shelves or make clothes or...or... 
what do you like to do?’ 

She is drunk enough to find Drunk Man No. 2 attractive, but I 
suspect she’s just trying to keep him busy to open the floor for me 
to jump Drunk Man No. 1. Of the two, Drunk Man No. 1 is clearly 
preferable — he is tall enough, for starters. This is the first challenge. 
I’m six foot, and though I have no problem with dating shorter 
men, it often seems to bother guys if ’m more than an inch or two 
taller than them. That’s fine by me - I’ve no interest in the ones 
who care about that sort of thing. It’s a useful filter. 

‘What do I like to do?’ repeats Drunk Man No. 2. ‘I like to dance 
with beautiful women at bars with bad names and overpriced 
drinks.’ He flashes a sudden grin, which, though a little more 
sluggish and wonky than it’s probably intended to be, is actually 
quite attractive. 

I can see Rachel is thinking the same. She shoots me a calculating 
look - not so drunk as all that, then - and I can see her evaluating 


the situation between me and Drunk Man No. 1. 

I look at Drunk Man No. 1 too, and do some evaluating of my own. 
He’s tall, with nice broad shoulders and hair that’s greying at the 
temples in a way that’s actually quite sexy. He’s probably mid- 
thirties — he could be a little 1990s Clooney-ish if you squinted a bit 
or dimmed the lights. 

Do I fancy him? If I do, I could sleep with him. You can do that 
when youre single. 

Weird. 

I’ve not thought about sleeping with anyone since Justin. You get 
tons of time back when you're single and not having sex — not just 
the actual time doing it, but the time shaving legs, buying nice 
underwear, wondering whether all other women get bikini waxes, 
etc. It’s a real plus. Of course, there’s the overwhelming absence of 
one of the greatest aspects of your adult life, but you do get much 
more admin done. 

Obviously I know that we broke up three months ago. I know that 
in theory I can have sex with other people. But .. . I can’t help 
thinking about what Justin would say. How angry he’d be. I may be 
technically allowed, but I’m not... you know. Allowed allowed. Not 
in my head, not yet. 

Rachel gets it. ‘Sorry, mate,’ she says, patting Drunk Man No. 2 on 
the arm. ‘J like to dance with my friend.’ She scribbles her number 
on a napkin - God knows where she got that pen from, the 
woman’s a Magician — and then my hand is in hers and we’re 
winding our way into the centre of the dance floor where the music 
hits my skull from both sides, sending my eardrums shivering. 


‘What kind of drunk are you?’ Rachel asks, as we grind 
inappropriately to classic Destiny’s Child. 

Tm a bit... thoughtful,’ I shout at her. “Too analytical to sleep with 
that nice man.’ 

She reaches for a drink from the tray of one of those shot ladies 
who wanders around asking you to overpay for things, and hands 
the woman some cash. 

“Not enough” sort of drunk, then,’ she says, giving me the drink. 
‘You may be an editor, but no drunk girl trots out the word 
“analytical”. 

‘Assistant editor, I remind her, and knock back the drink. 
Jägerbomb. Its strange how something so fundamentally 
disgusting, whose very aftertaste makes you want to vomit the next 
day, can taste delicious on a dance floor. 

Rachel plies me with drink all night and flirts with every wingman 
in sight, chucking all attractive men in my direction. Whatever she 
says, I am plenty tipsy enough, so I don’t think much of it - she’s 
just being an excellent friend. The night spins by in a mass of 
dancers and brightly coloured drinks. 

It is only when Mo and Gerty arrive that I start to wonder what 
this night out is all about. 

Mo has the look of a man who was summoned on short notice. His 
beard is a little skewwhiff, like he slept on it funny, and he’s in a 
worn-out T-shirt I think I remember from uni - though it’s a little 
tighter on him now. Gerty looks haughtily beautiful, as usual, with 
no make-up on, and her hair yanked up in a ballerina topknot; it’s 


hard to tell if she was planning to come because she never wears 


make-up, and dresses impeccably all the time anyway. She could 
well have just pulled on a slightly higher pair of heels to go with 
her skinny jeans last minute. 

They’re making their way across the dance floor. My suspicion that 
Mo was not planning to be here is confirmed — he’s not dancing. 
Take Mo to a club and there will always be dancing. So why have 
they turned up on my random Wednesday night out with Rachel? 
They don’t even know her that well - only through the odd birthday 
drinks or housewarming parties. In fact, Gerty and Rachel have a 
low-level alpha-wolf feud going on, and when we do all get together 
they usually end up bickering. 

Is it my birthday? I drunkenly wonder. Do I have exciting surprise 
news? 

I turn to Rachel. ‘Wha—?’ 

‘Table, she says, pointing at the booths at the back of the club. 

Gerty does a relatively good job of hiding her irritation at being 
redirected just when she’s battled her way through to the centre of 
the dance floor. 

I’m getting bad vibes. I’m just at the happiest point of drunk, 
though, so I’m willing to suspend worried thoughts in the hope that 
they’re coming to tell me that I’ve won a four-week holiday to New 
Zealand or something. 

But no. 

‘Tiffy, I didn’t know how to tell you this,’ Rachel is saying, ‘so this 
was the best plan I could come up with. Get you happy drunk, 
remind you what flirting feels like, then call your support team.’ 
She reaches to take both my hands. ‘Tiffy. Justin is engaged.’ 

4

Leon 


Conversation re flat not at all as predicted. Kay was unusually angry. 
Seemed upset at idea of someone else sleeping in my bed besides 
her? But she never comes round. Hates the dark-green walls and 
elderly neighbours - is part of her ‘you spend too much time with 
old people’ thing. We’re always at hers (light-grey walls, cool young 
neighbours). 

Argument ends at weary impasse. She wants me to pull down ad 
and cancel Essex woman; I’m not changing my mind. It’s the best 
idea for getting easy cash every month that I’ve thought of, bar 
lottery winning, which cannot be factored in to financial planning. 
Do not want to go back to borrowing that £350. Kay was the one 
who said it: it wasn’t good for our relationship. 

She’s come that far, so. She’ll come around. 

Slow night. Holly couldn’t sleep; we played checkers. She lifts her 
fingers and dances them over the board like she’s weaving a magic 


spell before she touches a counter. Apparently it’s a mind game - 
makes the other player watch where you’re going instead of 
planning their next move. Where did a seven-year-old learn mind 
games? 

Ask the question. 

Holly: You’re quite naive, Leon, aren’t you? 

Pronounces it ‘knave’. Probably never said it out loud before, just 
read it in one of her books. 

Me: I’m very worldly wise, thank you, Holly! 

Gives me patronising look. 

Holly: It’s OK, Leon. You’re just too nice. I bet people walk all over 
you like a doormat. 

She picked that up from somewhere, definitely. Probably her 
father, who visits every other week in a sharp grey suit, bringing 
poorly chosen sweets and the sour smell of cigarette smoke. 

Me: Being nice is a good thing. You can be strong and nice. You 
don’t have to be one or the other. 

The patronising look again. 

Holly: Look. It’s like how... Kay’s strong, you're nice. 

She spreads her hands, like, it’s the way of the world. Am startled. 
Didn’t know she knew Kay’s name. 

Richie rings just as I get in. Have to sprint to get to the landline - I 
know it'll be him, it only ever is - and hit head on low-hanging 
pendant light in kitchen. Least favourite thing about excellent flat. 

Rub head. Close eyes. Listen closely to Richie’s voice for tremors 
and clues to how he really is, and just for hearing a real, living, 


breathing, still-OK Richie. 

Richie: Tell me a good story. 

Close eyes tighter. It’s not been a good weekend for him, then. 
Weekends are bad - they’re banged up for longer. I can tell he’s 
down from that accent, so peculiar to the two of us. Always part 
London, part County Cork, it’s more Irish when he’s sad. 

I tell him about Holly. Her checkers skills. Her accusations of 
knavety. Richie listens, and then: 

Richie: Is she going to die? 

It’s difficult. People struggle to see it’s not about whether she’s 
going to die — palliative care isn’t just a place you go to slowly slip 
away. More people live and leave than die on our wards. Is about 
being comfortable for the duration of something necessary and 
painful. Making bad times easier. 

Holly, though . . . she might die. She is very sick. Lovely, 
precocious, and very sick. 

Me: Leukaemia statistics are pretty good for kids her age. 

Richie: I don’t want statistics, man. I want a good story. 

I smile, reminded of when we were kids, acting out the plot of 
Neighbours in the month when the TV broke. Richie’s always liked a 
good story. 

Me: She’ll be fine. She’ll grow up to be a... coder. Professional 
coder. Using all her checkers skills to develop new digitally 
generated food that’ll stop anyone going hungry and put Bono out 
of work around Christmas times. 

Richie laughs. Not much of one, but enough to ease the worried 


knot in my stomach. 


Silence for a while. Companionable, maybe, or just an absence of 
suitably expressive words. 

Richie: It’s hell in here, man. 

The words hit like a punch in the gut. Too often this last year I’ve 
felt that connection in my stomach like a bunched fist. Always at 
times like this, when reality hits afresh after days of blocking it out. 

Me: Appeal’s not far off. We’re getting there. Sal says— 

Richie: Ey, Sal says he wants paying. I know the score, Lee. It can’t 
be done. 

Voice heavy, slow, almost slurred. 

Me: What is this? What, have you lost faith in your big brother? 
You used to tell me Td be a billionaire! 

I hear a reluctant smile. 

Richie: You’ve given enough. 

Never. That’s impossible. I will never give enough, not for this, 
though I’ve wished enough times that I could have swapped places 
to save him from it. 

Me: I’ve got a scheme. A money-making scheme. You’re going to 
love it. 

Scuffle. 

Richie: Hey, man, ah, give me one sec— 

Muffled voices. My heart beats faster. When on the phone to him 
it’s easy to think he is somewhere safe and quiet, with only his 
voice and mine. But there he is, in the yard, with a queue behind 
him, having made the choice between using this half hour out of 
his prison cell to make a phone call or to have his only shot at a 


shower. 


Richie: Got to go, Lee. Love you. 

Dial tone. 

Half eight on Saturday. Even leaving now, I’ll be late. And am not 
leaving now, evidently. Am changing dirty sheets on Dorsal Ward, 
according to Doctor Patel; according to the ward nurse on Coral 
Ward, I am taking blood from Mr Prior; according to Socha the 
junior doctor, I am helping her with the patient dying on Kelp 
Ward. 

Socha wins. Call Kay as I run. 

Kay, on picking up: You’re stuck at work, aren’t you? 

Too out of breath for proper explanation. Wards too far apart for 
emergency situations. Hospice board of trustees should invest in 
shorter corridors. 

Kay: It’s OK. P11 meet that girl for you. 

Stumble. Surprised. ld planned to ask, obviously - that’s why I 
called Kay and not Essex woman herself, to cancel. But . . . was very 
easy. 

Kay: Look, I don’t like this flatsharing plan, but I know you need 
the money, and I get it. However. If I’m going to feel OK about this, I 
think everything should go through me. lll meet this Tiffy person, 
Pll handle the arrangements, and that way the random woman 
sleeping in your bed isn’t someone that you actually interact with. 
Then I don’t feel quite as weird about it, and you don’t have to deal 
with it, which, let’s be honest, you do not have time to do. 

Pang of love. Could be stitch, of course, hard to be sure at this 
stage of relationship, but still. 


Me: You... you sure? 

Kay, firmly: Yes. This is the plan. And no working weekends. OK? 
Weekends are for me. 

Seems fair. 

Me: Thanks. Thank you. And - would you mind - tell her... 

Kay: Yep, yep, tell her about the weird guy in Flat 5 and warn her 
about the foxes. 

Definite love-pang. 

Kay: I know you think I don’t listen, but I actually do. 

Still a good minute’s running before I reach Kelp Ward. Have not 
paced self adequately. Rookie mistake. I’m thrown by the horrible 
nowness of this shift, with all its dying people and bed sores and 
tricksy dementia patients, and am forgetting basic rules of surviving 
in hospice setting. Jog, don’t run. Always know the time. Never lose 
your pen. 

Kay: Leon? 

Forgot about talking out loud. Was just heavy breathing. Probably 
quite sinister. 


Me: Thanks. Love you. 

5

Tiffy 


I consider wearing sunglasses, but decide that would make me look 
like a bit of a diva, given that it’s February. Nobody wants a diva as a 
flatmate. 

The question, of course, is whether they want a diva more or less 
than they want an emotional wreck of a woman who has clearly 
spent the last two days weeping. 

I remind myself that this is not a flatmate situation. Leon and I 
don’t need to get on - we’re not going to be living together, not 
really, we’re just going to be occupying the same space at different 
times. It’s no bother to him if I happen to spend all my free time 
weeping, is it? 

‘Jacket,’ Rachel commands, handing it over. 

I have not yet reached the depths of needing someone else to dress 
me, but Rachel stayed over last night, and if Rachel’s here she’s 
probably going to take charge of the situation. Even if ‘the situation’ 


is me getting my clothes on in the morning. 


Too broken to protest, I take the jacket and slip it on. I do love this 
jacket. I made it out of a giant ball dress I found in a charity shop -I 
just picked the whole thing apart and used the fabric from scratch, 
but left the beading wherever it fell, so now there’s purple sequins 
and embroidery across the right shoulder, down the back and under 
my boobs. It looks a bit like a circus master’s jacket, but fits 
perfectly, and oddly the under-boob beading is really flattering to 
the waistline. 

‘Didn’t I give this to you?’ I say, frowning. ‘Last year sometime?’ 

‘You, part with that jacket?’ Rachel makes a face. ‘I know you love 
me, but I’m pretty sure you don’t love anyone that much.’ 

Right, of course. I’m such a mess I can hardly think straight. At 
least I actually care about what I’m wearing this morning, though. 
You know things are bad when [Il throw on whatever’s top in the 
drawer. And it’s not like other people won’t notice it - my wardrobe 
is such that an insufficiently planned outfit will really show. 
Thursday’s mustard yellow cords, cream frilled blouse and long 
green cardigan caused a bit of a stir at work - Hana in Marketing 
had a full-blown coughing fit when I walked into the kitchen as she 
was mid gulp of coffee. On top of that, nobody gets why I’m 
suddenly so upset. I can see them all thinking, What’s she crying about 
now? Didn’t Justin leave months ago? 

They’re right. I have no idea why this particular stage of Justin’s 
new relationship bothers me so much. I'd already decided I was 
going to move out properly this time. And it’s not like I wanted him 
to marry me or anything. I just thought . . . hed come back. That’s 
what’s always happened before — he goes off, doors slam, he freezes 


me out, ignores my calls, but then he realises his mistake, and just 
when I think I’m ready to start getting over him, there he is again, 
holding out his hand and telling me to come with him on some 
kind of amazing adventure. 

But this is it, isn’t it? He’s getting married. This is... This is... 

Rachel wordlessly passes me the tissues. 

Tl have to redo my make-up again,’ I say, once the worst of it is 
OVET. 

‘Reaaally not got time, Rachel says, flashing me her phone screen. 

Shit. Half past eight. I need to leave now or I’m going to be late, 
and that will look bad - if we’re going to observe strict who’s-in-the- 
flat-when rules, Leon’s going to want me to be able to tell the time. 

‘Sunglasses?’ I ask. 

‘Sunglasses.’ Rachel hands them over. 

I grab my bag and head for the door. 

As the train rattles its way through the tunnels of the Northern 
Line I catch sight of my reflection in the window and straighten up 
a little. I look good. The blurry, scratched glass helps - sort of like 
an Instagram filter. But this is one of my favourite outfits, my hair is 
newly washed and coppery red, and though I may have cried away 
all my eyeliner, my lipstick is still intact. 

Here I am. I can do this. I can manage just fine on my own. 

It sticks for about as long as it takes to get to the entrance to 
Stockwell station. Then a guy in a car screams ‘get your fanny out!’ 
at me, and the shock is enough to set me spiralling back into shit-at- 
life post-break-up Tiffy again. I’m too upset even to point out the 
anatomical issues I’d have if I tried to comply with his request. 


I reach the right block of flats in five minutes or so - it’s a good 
distance to the station. At the prospect of actually finding my future 
home, I wipe my cheeks dry and take a proper look at the place. It’s 
one of those squat, brick blocks, and out the front there’s a small 
courtyard with a bit of sad-looking London-style grass that’s more 
like well-mown hay. There are parking spaces for each flat’s tenants, 
one of whom seems to be using their space to store a bewildering 
number of empty banana crates. 

As I buzz for Flat 3, a movement catches my eye - it’s a fox, 
strolling out from around where the bins seem to live. It gives me 
an insolent stare, pausing with one paw in the air. I’ve never 
actually been this close to a fox before — it’s a lot mangier than they 
look in picture books. Foxes are nice, though, aren’t they? They’re 
so nice youre not allowed to shoot them for fun any more, even if 
you're an aristocrat with a horse. 

The door buzzes and clicks out of the lock; I make my way inside. 
It’s very . . . brown. Brown carpet, biscuit-coloured walls. But that 
doesn’t really matter — it’s inside the flat that matters. 

When I knock on the door of Flat 3 I find myself feeling genuinely 
nervous. No — borderline panicked. I’m really doing this, aren’t I? 
Considering sleeping in some random stranger’s bed? Actually 
leaving Justin’s flat? 

Oh, God. Maybe Gerty was right and this is all just a bit too much. 
For a vertiginous moment I imagine going back to Justin’s, back to 
the comfort of that chrome-and-white flat, to the possibility of 
having him back. But the thought doesn’t feel quite as good as I 
imagined it would. Somehow - perhaps around 11 p.m. the 


Thursday before last — that flat started to look a little different, and 
so did I. 

I know, in a vague, don’t-look-straight-at-it sort of way, that this is 
a good thing. I’ve got this far —- I can’t let myself go back now. 

I need to like this place. It’s my only option. So when someone 
answers the door who clearly isn’t Leon, I’m so in the mood to be 
accommodating that I just go with it. I don’t even act surprised. 

‘Hi! 

‘Hello,’ says the woman at the door. She’s petite, with olive skin 
and one of those pixie haircuts that makes you look French if 
you’ve got a small enough head. I immediately feel enormous. 

She does nothing to dispel this feeling. As I step into the flat, I can 
feel her looking me up and down. I try to take in the décor - ooh, 
dark-green wallpaper, looks genuine 1970s - but after a while the 
feel of her eyes on me starts to nag. I turn to meet her gaze head-on. 

Oh. It’s the girlfriend. And her expression could not be more 
obvious: it says, I was worried you might be hot and try to steal my 
boyfriend from me while you make yourself at home in his bed, but now I’ve 
seen you and he’d never be attracted to you so yes! Come in! 

She’s all smiles now. Fine, whatever — if this is what it takes to get 
this flat, no problem. She’s not going to belittle me out of this one. 
She has no idea how desperate I am. 

Tm Kay,’ she says, holding out a hand. Her grip is firm. ‘Leon’s 
girlfriend.’ 

‘I figured.’ I smile to take the edge off it. ‘So nice to meet you. Is 
Leon in the...’ 

I lean my head into the bedroom. It’s that or the living room, 


which has the kitchen in the corner - there’s not really much more 
to the flat than this. 

‘... bathroom?’ I try, on seeing the empty bedroom. 

‘Leon’s stuck at work,’ says Kay, ushering me through to the living 
area. 

It’s pretty minimalist and a little worn around the edges, but it’s 
clean, and I do love that 1970s wallpaper everywhere. I bet someone 
would pay £80 a roll for that if Farrow & Ball started selling it. 
There’s a low-hanging pendant light in the kitchen area that doesn’t 
quite match the décor but is sort of fabulous; the sofa is battered 
leather, the TV isn’t actually plugged in but looks relatively decent, 
and the carpet has been recently hoovered. This all looks promising. 

Maybe this is going to be good. Maybe it’s going to be great. I flip 
through a quick montage of myself here, lazing about on the sofa, 
rustling something up in the kitchen, and suddenly the idea of 
having all this space to myself makes me want to bounce on the 
spot. I rein myself in just in time. Kay does not strike me as the 
spontaneous dancing sort. 

‘So will I not ... meet Leon?’ I ask, remembering Mo’s first rule of 
flatsharing with a wince. 

‘Well, I suppose you might do eventually,’ Kay says. ‘But it'll be me 
you speak to. I’m handling renting the place out for him. You'll 
never be in at the same time - the flat will be yours from six in the 
evening until eight in the morning in the week, and over the whole 
weekend. It’s a six-month agreement for now. Is that OK with you?’ 

‘Yeah, that’s just what I need.’ I pause. ‘And . . . Leon won’t ever 


pop in unexpectedly? Out of his hours, or anything?’ 


‘Absolutely not,’ Kay says, with the air of a woman who plans to 
make sure of it. ‘From six p.m. until eight a.m., the flat is yours and 
yours alone.’ 

‘Great.’ I breathe out slowly, quieting the flutter of excitement in 
my stomach, and check the bathroom - you can always tell a place 
by its bathroom. All the appliances are a clean, bright white; there’s 
a dark-blue shower curtain, a few tidy bottles of mysterious manly- 
looking creams and liquids, and a scuffed but serviceable mirror. 
Excellent. ‘TIl take it. If you’ll have me.’ 

I feel certain that she’ll say yes, if it really is her decision to make. 
I knew it as soon as she gave me that look in the hallway: whatever 
Leon’s criteria for a flatmate, Kay just has the one, and I’ve clearly 
ticked the ‘suitably unattractive’ box. 

‘Wonderful,’ says Kay. ‘TIl call Leon and let him know.’ 

6

Leon 


Kay: She’s ideal. 

Am doing some slow blinking on the bus. Delicious slow blinks 
which are really just short naps. 

Me: Really? Not annoying? 

Kay, sounding irritated: Does that matter? She’ll be clean and tidy 
and she can move in immediately. If you’re really determined to do 
this then you can’t expect much better than that. 

Me: She wasn’t bothered by the weird man living in Flat 5? Or the 
fox family? 

Slight pause. 

Kay: She didn’t mention either being a problem. 

Delicious slow blink. Really long one. Got to be careful — can’t face 
waking up at the end of the bus route and having to come all the 
way back in again. Always a danger after a long week. 

Me: What’s she like, then? 

Kay: She’s .. . quirky. Larger than life. She was wearing these big 


horn-rimmed sunglasses even though it’s basically still winter, and 
had painted flowers all over her boots. But the point is that she’s 
skint and happy to find a room this cheap! 

‘Larger than life’ is Kay-speak for overweight. Wish she wouldn’t 
say things like that. 

Kay: Look, you’re on your way, aren’t you? We can talk about it 
when you get here. 

My plan for arrival was to greet Kay with customary kiss, remove 
work clothes, drink water, fall into Kay’s bed, sleep for all eternity. 

Me: Maybe tonight? When I’ve slept? 

Silence. Deeply irritated silence. (I’m an expert at Kay silences.) 

Kay: So youre just going straight to bed when you get in. 

Bite tongue. Resist urge to give blow-by-blow account of my week. 

Me: I can stay up if you want to talk. 

Kay: No, no, you need your sleep. 

I’m clearly staying up. Best make the most of these blink-naps 
until bus gets to Islington. 
Frosty welcome from Kay. Make mistake of mentioning Richie, 
which turns temperature dial down even further. My fault, 
probably. Just can’t talk to her about him without hearing The 
Argument, like she hits replay every time she says Richie’s name. As 
she busies herself cooking brinner (combination of breakfast and 
dinner, suitable for both night and day dwellers), tell myself on 
repeat that I should remember how The Argument ended. That she 
said sorry. 

Kay: So, are you going to ask me about weekends? 


Stare at her, slow to answer. Sometimes find it hard to talk after a 
long night. Just opening my mouth to form comprehensible 
thoughts is like lifting a very heavy thing, or like one of those 
dreams where you need to run but your legs are moving through 
treacle. 

Me: Ask you what? 

Kay pauses, omelette pan in hand. She is very pretty against 
wintery sunlight through kitchen window. 

Kay: The weekends. Where were you planning to stay, with Tiffy in 
your flat? 

Oh. I see. 

Me: Hoped I would stay here. As I’m here every weekend I’m not 
working anyway? 

Kay smiles. Get that satisfying feeling of having said the right 
thing, followed quickly by a squeeze of anxiety. 

Kay: I know you were planning on staying here, you know. I just 
wanted to hear you say it. 

She sees my bemused expression. 

Kay: Normally you’re just here on weekends by coincidence, not 
because you’ve planned for it. Not because it’s our life plan. 

Word ‘plan’ is much less pleasant with ‘life’ in front of it. 
Suddenly very busy eating omelette. Kay squeezes my shoulder, 
runs her fingers up and down the back of my neck, tugs my hair. 

Kay: Thank you. 

I feel guilty, though I haven’t exactly misled her — I did assume I'd 
be here every weekend, did factor that into plan with renting out 
room. Just didn’t .. . think about it that way. The life-plan way. 


* 


Two in the morning. When I first joined the hospice nights team, 
nights coming off shift seemed useless - would sit awake, wishing 
for sunlight. But now this is my time, the muffled quiet, the rest of 
London sleeping or getting very drunk. I’m taking every locum 
night shift the hospice rota coordinator will give me - they’re the 
highest paid, excluding weekend nights, which I’ve told Kay I won’t 
take. Plus, it’s the only way this flatshare plan will work. Not sure 
it'll even be worth recalibrating for weekends, now - will work five 
in seven nights. Might just stay nocturnal. 

Generally use this 2 a.m. time to write to Richie. His phone calls 
are limited, but he can receive as many letters as I can send him. 

It’s been three months as of last Tuesday since he was sentenced. 
Hard to know how to mark an anniversary like that - raising a 
glass? Striking another tally on the wall? Richie took it well, 
considering, but when he went in Sal had told him he’d have him 
out of there by February, so this one was especially bad. 

Sal. He’s trying his best, presumably, but Richie is innocent and in 
prison, so can’t help but feel a little resentful towards his lawyer. 
Sal isn’t bad. Uses big words, carries a briefcase, never doubts 
himself - all seem classic reassuring lawyer things? But mistakes 
keep happening. Like unexpected guilty verdicts. 

What are our options, though? No other lawyers sufficiently 
interested to take Richie on for reduced fee. No other lawyers 
familiar with his case, no other lawyers already all set up to speak 
to Richie in prison . . . no time to find someone new. Every day that 
goes by, Richie sinks further away. 


Has to be me that deals with Sal all the time, too, never Mam, 
which means endless exhausting phone calls chasing him. But Mam 
is shouty and blamey. Sal is sensitive, easily put off from actually 
working on Richie’s case, and completely indispensable. 

This is doing me no good. Two a.m. is terrible time for dwelling on 
legal issues. Worst of all the times. If midnight is witching hour, 2 
a.m. is dwelling hour. 

Idly reaching for distraction, I find myself googling Johnny White. 
Mr Prior’s Hollywood-jawed, long-lost love. 

There are many Johnny Whites. One is a leading figure in 
Canadian dance music. Another is an American footballer. Both 
were definitely not around during World War Two, falling in love 
with charming English gentlemen. 

Still. Internet was made for situations like this, no? 

Try Johnny White war casualties, then hate myself a bit. Feels like 
betraying Mr Prior to assume Johnny’s dead. But it’s worth trying to 
eliminate those options first. 

Find a website called Find War Dead. Am initially slightly 
horrified, but decide actually it’s amazing — everyone’s remembered 
here. Like digital, searchable tombstones. I can search by name, 
regiment, which war, dates of birth . . . I type in Johnny White, and 
specify World War Two, but don’t have any more to give them. 

Seventy-eight Johnny Whites died in armed forces in World War 
Two. 

Sit back. Stare at the list of names. John K. White. James Dudley 
Jonathan White. John White. John George White. Jon R. L. White. 
Jonathan Reginald White. John— 


All right. Feel suddenly overwhelmingly sure that Mr Prior’s lovely 
Johnny White is dead, and wish there was a similar database for 
those who fought but did not die in the war. That would be nice. A 
survivors list. Struck, as one is at 2 a.m., by the horror of humanity 
and its inclination to terrible acts of mass murder. 

Kay: Leon! Your bleep is going! In my ear! 

Leave laptop on sofa after hitting print, and then open bedroom 
door to find Kay lying on side, duvet over head, one arm up in the 
air holding my bleep. 

Grab bleep. Grab phone. I’m not working, of course, but the team 
wouldn’t bleep me if it wasn’t important. 

Socha, Junior Doctor: Leon, it’s Holly. 

Am pulling on shoes. 

Me: How bad? 

Keys! Keys! Where are keys? 

Socha: She’s got an infection - obs are not looking good. She’s 
asking for you. I don’t know what to do, Leon, and Dr Patel isn’t 
answering her bleep, and the reg is skiing and June couldn’t get 
cover organised so there’s nobody else to call... 

Located keys in bottom of washing basket. Inspired place to keep 
them. Heading for the door, Socha talking white blood cell counts 
in my ear, shoelaces flapping— 

Kay: Leon! You’re still wearing your pyjamas! 

Damn. Thought I’d managed to get to the door faster than usual. 

7

Tiffy 


OK, so the new flat’s quite . . . full. Cosy. 

‘Cluttered, Gerty confirms, standing in about the only unoccupied 
space in the bedroom. ‘It’s cluttered.’ 

‘You know my style is eclectic!’ I protest, straightening up the 
adorable tie-dyed bed throw I found at Brixton market last summer. 
I’m trying very hard to keep my positive face on. Packing up and 
leaving Justin’s flat was awful, and the drive here took four times as 
long as Google said it would, and carrying everything up the stairs 
was torture. Then I had to hold a long conversation with Kay as she 
gave me the Keys, when all I wanted to do was sit down somewhere 
and gently dab at my hairline until I stopped panting. It has not 
been a fun day. 

‘Did you discuss this with Leon?’ Mo asks, perching on the edge of 
the bed. ‘I mean, bringing all your stuff?’ 

I frown. Of course I would be bringing all my stuff! Did that need 
discussing? I’m moving in - that means my stuff has to live here 


with me. Where else would it live? This is my permanent abode. 

However, I am now very aware that my bedroom is shared with 
another person, and that that person has their own stuff, which 
was, up until this weekend, occupying most of this room. It’s been a 
bit of a squeeze getting everything in. I’ve solved a few problems by 
moving things into other parts of the house - lots of my candle 
holders are living on the edge of the bath now, for instance, and my 
amazing lava lamp has a great spot in the living area - but all the 
same, I could do with Leon having a bit of a clear-out. He should 
probably have done that beforehand, really - it was the decent 
thing, given that I was moving in. 

Perhaps I should have taken some of my things to my parents’ 
house. But most of this stuff lived in storage at Justin’s and it had 
felt so good to dig it all out last night. Rachel joked that when I 
found the lava lamp it was like Andy being reunited with Woody in 
Toy Story, but to be honest it had been surprisingly emotional. I’d sat 
for a while in the hall, staring at the multi-coloured mess of my 
favourite things spilling out from the cupboard under the stairs, 
and felt for a weird moment that if the cushions could breathe 
again, so could I. 

My phone rings; it’s Katherin. She’s the only writer I’d pick up the 
phone to on a Saturday, mainly because she’s probably ringing me 
about something hilarious she’s done, like tweeting a wildly 
inappropriate picture of herself from the 80s with a now-very- 
important politician, or dip-dying her elderly mother’s hair. 

‘How’s my favourite editor?’ she asks when I pick up. 

‘All moved in to my new home!’ I tell her, gesturing for Mo to put 


the kettle on. He looks mildly peeved but does so all the same. 

‘Perfect! Brilliant! What are you doing Wednesday?’ Katherin asks. 

‘Just work,’ I tell her, mentally scanning my diary. Actually, I have 
a tedious meeting on Wednesday with our Director of International 
Book Rights to talk about the new book I commissioned last 
summer from a debut bricklayer-turned-trendy-designer. It’s her job 
to sell it abroad. When I acquired it I talked a lot (but really quite 
vaguely) about his international social media presence, which as it 
happens is rather a lot smaller than I made it out to be. She’s always 
emailing me for ‘more detail’ and ‘specific breakdowns of reach by 
territory’. It’s getting to the point where I can’t avoid her any 
longer, even with my wall of stealthy pot plants. 

‘Great!’ says Katherin, who is being suspiciously enthusiastic. ‘I 
have some really good news for you.’ 

‘Oh yes?’ I’m hoping for early manuscript delivery, or a sudden 
change of heart about the chapter on hats and scarves. She’s been 
threatening to remove it, which would be disastrous, as that’s the 
only part that makes the book remotely sellable. 

‘The Sea Breeze Away people rescheduled my live How to Crochet 
Your Own Clothes Fast show to their Wednesday cruise last minute. So 
you can help me with the cruise after all.’ 

Hmm. This time it would be in work hours - and would put off 
that conversation with the rights director for at least another week. 
What would I prefer: getting dressed in homemade crochet 
waistcoats on a cruise ship with Katherin, or getting bollocked by 
the rights director in a meeting room with no windows? 

‘All right. Pl do it’ 


‘Honestly?’ 

‘Honestly,’ I say, accepting Mo’s tea. Tm not doing any talking 
though. And you’re not allowed to manhandle me as much as you 
did last time. I had bruises for days.’ 

‘The trials and tribulations of life as a model, eh, Tiffy,’ Katherin 
says, and I have a sneaking suspicion that she’s laughing at me. 
Everyone’s gone. It’s just me, in my flat. 

Obviously I’ve been super chirpy all day and have made sure to 
give Mo, Gerty and Kay no indication that moving into Leon’s flat is 
at all weird or emotional. 

But it is a bit weird. And I feel like crying again. I look at my lovely 
tie-dyed blanket lying across the foot of the bed, and all I can think 
is that it really clashes with Leon’s duvet cover, which has manly 
black and grey stripes, and that there’s nothing I can do about that 
because this is as much Leon’s bed as mine, whoever this Leon man 
is, and that his semi-naked or possibly fully naked body sleeps 
underneath that duvet. I hadn’t really confronted the logistics of 
the bed situation until this moment, and now that I’m doing it, I am 
not enjoying the experience. 

My phone buzzes. It’s Kay. 


| hope moving in all went smoothly. Help yourself to any food from the fridge 
(until you get fully settled and do your own shop). Leon has asked that you 
please sleep on the left side of the bed. Kay xx 


That’s it. I’m crying. This is really bloody weird. Who even is this 
Leon guy? Why have I not met him yet? I think about ringing him - 


I have his number from the advert — but it’s pretty clear Kay wants 
to be the one handling things. 

I sniff, wipe my eyes hard, and wander over to the fridge. It’s 
actually surprisingly full for someone who works long hours. I help 
myself to raspberry jam and margarine, and locate the bread above 
the toaster. OK. 


Hi Kay. I’m all moved in, thanks - the flat is feeling really cosy! Thanks for 
confirming re side of the bed. 


It’s a bit overly formal for discussing who sleeps on the left or 
right, but I sense Kay would prefer that we don’t all get too friendly. 

I type out a few queries about the flat - where’s the light switch 
for the outside hall, can I plug in the TV, that sort of thing. Then, 
jam on toast in hand, I head back to the bedroom and contemplate 
whether it will look too passive-aggressive to remake the bed with 
my own sheets. Surely Leon would have put freshly laundered ones 
on in the circumstances. But ... what if he hasn’t? Oh, God, now 
the thought is there - I’m going to have to change them. I yank up 
his mattress cover with my eyes screwed shut like I’m afraid of 
seeing something I don’t want to. 

Right. The probably-already-clean sheets are in the washing 
machine, my lovely definitely-clean ones are on the bed, and I’m 
slightly breathless with all the activity. On second look, the room 
does feel more me than it did when I got here. Yes, the duvet cover 
is still wrong (I felt changing that would look a little bit pointed) and 
there are weird books on the shelves (none about making your own 
clothes! [ll soon fix that), but with my bits and bobs around the 


place, and my dresses in the wardrobe, and ... yes, I’ll just pull the 
blanket all the way up to cover the duvet, just for now. Much better. 

As I’m rearranging the blanket I notice a black plastic sack 
sticking out from under the bed, with something woollen flopping 
out of it on to the floor. I must have left one bin bag unpacked; I 
drag it out to check the contents. 

It’s full of scarves. Amazing woollen scarves. They’re not mine, but 
the craftsmanship is beautiful - it takes real talent to knit and 
crochet like this. They should be mine. I’d pay money that I do not 
have for these scarves. 

Belatedly I realise ’'m rummaging through what must be Leon’s 
stuff - and something he’s keeping under the bed, too, so probably 
doesn’t want everyone looking at. I let myself linger over the weave 
for a second or two longer before I push the bag back to where it 
came from, careful to leave it how it was. I wonder what the 
significance of all those scarves is. You don’t keep that many 
handmade scarves for no reason. 

It occurs to me that Leon could actually be any kind of weird. 
Keeping scarves isn’t in itself weird, but it could be the tip of the 
iceberg. Plus there was quite a large number of scarves in there — at 
least ten. What if he stole them? Shit. What if they are trophies of 
the women he murdered? 

Maybe he’s a serial killer. A winter-based killer who only strikes in 
scarf weather. 

I need to call someone. Being alone with the scarves is making me 
feel genuinely a bit scared, and, as a consequence, a bit mad. 


‘What’s up?’ Rachel says when she answers. 


‘I am worried Leon might be a serial killer,’ I announce. 

‘Why? Has he tried to kill you or something?’ 

Rachel sounds a bit distracted. I am concerned that she’s not 
taking this seriously enough. 

‘No, no, I’ve not met him yet.’ 

‘You’ve met his girlfriend, though, right?’ 

‘Yeah, why?’ 

‘Well, do you think she knows?’ 

‘What? 

‘About the murdering. 

‘Umm. No? I suppose not?’ Kay does seem very normal. 

‘She’s a pretty unobservant sort of woman, then. You managed to 
spot the signs in just one evening alone in his flat. Think how much 
time she must have spent there, and seen the very same signs, and 
not followed them through to their only logical conclusion!’ 

There is a pause. Rachel’s point is deceptively simple but very well 
made. 

‘You are an excellent friend,’ I tell her eventually. 

‘I know. You’re welcome. I should go, though, I’m on a date.’ 

‘Oh, God, sorry!’ 

‘Nah, no worries, he doesn’t mind, do you, Reggie? He says he 
doesn’t mind.’ 

There is a muffled noise at the other end. I suddenly can’t help 
wondering if Rachel currently has Reggie tied to something. 

‘TIl leave you to it,’ I say. ‘Love you.’ 

‘Love you too, babe. No, not you, Reggie, pipe down.’ 

8

Leon 


Hollow-cheeked, tired-eyed Holly looks up at me from bed. Seems 
littler. In all dimensions, too — wrists, tufty growing-back hair... 
everything but the eyes. 

She grins at me weakly. 

Holly: You were here last weekend. 

Me: In and out. They needed my help. Short-staffed. 

Holly: Is it because I asked for you? 

Me: Absolutely not. You know you're my least favourite patient. 

Bigger grin. 

Holly: Were you having a nice weekend with your girlfriend with 
the short hair? 

Me: Yes, actually. 

Looks decidedly mischievous. Don’t want to get hopes up but she 
is visibly better — that smile was nowhere to be seen last weekend. 

Holly: And you had to leave her behind because of me! 

Me: Short-staffing, Holly. Had to leave h— come in to work 


because of short-staffing. 

Holly: I bet she was annoyed that you like me better than her. 

Socha, the junior doctor, leans in past the curtain to get my 
attention. 

Socha: Leon. 

Me, to Holly: Back in a sec, homewrecker. 

Me, to Socha: And? 

She breaks into a big, tired smile. 

Socha: Bloods just in. The antibiotics are finally having an effect. 
Just got off the phone with the GOSH med reg, he said as she’s 
improving she doesn’t need to go back into hospital. Social services 
are on board with that as well. 

Me: Antibiotics are working? 

Socha: Yep. CRP and white cell count both falling, no more fevers, 
lactate normal. Obs all stable. 

The relief is instant. Nothing quite like that feeling of someone 
getting better. 

Good-mood glow resulting from Holly’s bloods buoys me all the 
way home. Teens smoking joint on street corner seem positively 
cherubic. Smelly man on bus removing socks to scratch his feet 
evokes only genuine sympathy. Even a Londoner’s true enemy, the 
slow-moving tourist, just makes me smile indulgently. 

Already planning excellent 9 a.m. dinner as I let myself into the 
flat. The first thing I notice is the smell. It smells . .. womanly. Like 
Spicy incense and flower stalls. 

The next thing I notice is the sheer quantity of crap in my living 
room. Enormous heap of books up against breakfast bar. Cow- 


shaped cushion on sofa. Lava lamp - lava lamp! - on coffee table. 
What is this? Is Essex woman holding a jumble sale in our flat? 

In a slight daze, I go to drop my keys in their usual spot (when not 
opting for bottom of laundry basket) and find it has been occupied 
by a moneybox shaped like Spot the Dog. This is unbelievable. It’s 
like a terrible episode of Changing Rooms. Flat has been redecorated 
to look immeasurably worse. Can only conclude that she was doing 
it on purpose — nobody could be this tasteless accidentally. 

Wrack brains to remember what Kay actually told me about this 
woman. Shes a . . . book editor? Sounds like profession of 
reasonable person with taste? Feel fairly certain that Kay made no 
mention of Essex woman being a bizarre-object collector. And yet. 

I sink into a nearby beanbag and sit for a while. Think of the three 
hundred and fifty pounds I would otherwise not have been able to 
give to Sal this month. Decide this is not so bad - beanbag is 
excellent, for instance: it’s patterned with paisley and remarkably 
comfortable. And lava lamp has comedic value. Who has a lava 
lamp these days? 

Notice my sheets hanging off the clothes horse in the corner of the 
room — she’s washed them. Irritating, as I went to great lengths to 
wash those and was late for shift as a result. But must remember 
that annoying Essex woman does not actually know me. Would not 
know that I would obviously clean sheets before inviting stranger to 
sleep in them. 

Eh. What’s the bedroom going to look like? 

Venture in, intrepid. Let out a strangled wail. It looks like someone 


vomited rainbows and calico in here, covering every surface in 


colours that do not belong together in nature. Horrific, moth-eaten 
blanket over bed. Enormous beige sewing machine taking up most 
of desk. And clothes . . . clothes everywhere. 

This woman owns more clothes than a respectably sized shop 
would stock. Has clearly not been able to manage with the half of 
wardrobe I freed up for her, so has hung up dresses on back of door, 
all along wall - from old picture rail, actually quite resourceful - 
and over back of now-almost-invisible chair under window. 

Consider ringing her and Putting Foot Down for approximately 
three seconds before reaching inevitable conclusion that that would 
be awkward, and, in a few days, I will have stopped caring. Probably 
stopped noticing, actually. Still. Right now, opinion of Essex woman 
has reached new low. I’m about to head back to spot on very 
inviting beanbag when I notice the bin bag of the scarves Mr Prior 
knitted me, poking out from under bed. 

Forgot about those. Essex woman may think I’m odd if she finds 
bag of fourteen hand-knitted scarves stashed under bed. Have been 
meaning to take them to the charity shop for ever, but of course 
Essex woman won’t know that. Haven’t actually met her; don’t 
want her to think I’m, you know. A scarf collector or something. 

Grab pen and paper and scrawl FOR CHARITY SHOP on a Post-it, 
then stick it to bag. There. Just to remind myself, in case I forget. 

Now to the beanbag for dinner, and bed. So tired that even the 
horrible tie-dyed bed blanket is beginning to look attractive. 

9

Tiffy 


So, here I am. On the freezing cold dock. In ‘neutral clothing I can 
work with’ according to Katherin, who is beaming cheekily at me, 
the wind whipping her straw-blonde hair against her cheeks as we 
wait for the cruise ship to batten down the hatch, or turn three sails 
to the wind, or whatever it is these ships do in order to let people 
on board. 

‘You have the perfect proportions for this sort of thing,’ Katherin is 
telling me. ‘You’re my favourite model, Tiffy. Really. This is going to 
be an absolute scream.’ 

I raise an eyebrow, looking out to sea. I don’t see a vast selection of 
other models for Katherin to choose from. I have also, over the 
years, got a bit tired of people lauding my ‘proportions’. The thing 
is, I’m like Gerty and Mo’s flat in reverse - just about twenty per 
cent bigger than the average woman, in all directions. My mother 
likes to declare that I am ‘big-boned’ because my father was a 
lumberjack in his youth (was he? I know he’s old, but didn’t 


lumberjacks only exist in fairy tales?). I can barely walk into a room 
without someone helpfully informing me that I am very tall for a 
woman. 

Sometimes it annoys people, like I’m purposefully taking up more 
room than I’m allowed, and sometimes it intimidates them, 
especially when they’re used to looking down at women they’re 
talking to, but mostly it just makes them compliment me on my 
‘proportions’ a lot. I think what they’re really saying is, ‘Gosh, 
you're big, but without being particularly fat!’ or, “Well done on 
being tall but not lanky!’ Or perhaps, ‘You are confusing my gender 
norms by being very woman-shaped despite the fact that you are 
the height and width of an average male!’ 

‘You're the sort of woman the Soviets liked,’ Katherin goes on, 
oblivious to my raised eyebrow. ‘You know, on their posters about 
women working the land while the men were out fighting, that sort 
of thing.’ 

‘Wear a lot of crochet, did they, the Soviet women?’ I ask rather 
tetchily. It’s drizzling, and the sea looks very different from a busy 
dock like this - it’s a lot less glamorous than when you're on the 
beach. It’s basically just a big cold salty bath, really. I wonder how 
warm the rights director is now, in her meeting about the 
international reach of our spring season titles. 

‘Possibly, possibly,’ Katherin muses. ‘Good idea, Tiffy! What do you 
think - a chapter on the history of crochet in the next book?’ 

‘No,’ I tell her firmly. “That won’t be popular with your readers.’ 

You have to nip ideas in the bud fast with Katherin. And I’m def- 
initely right on this one. Nobody wants history — they just want an 


idea for a new crochet item they can give their grandson to drool 
on. 

‘But—’ 

Tm just conveying the brutality of the market to you, Katherin, I 
say. That’s one of my favourite lines. Good old market, always there 
to be blamed. “The people don’t want history in their crochet books. 
They want cute pictures and easy instructions.’ 

Once all our documents have been checked, we file on board. You 
can’t really tell where the dock ends and the boat begins -— it’s just 
like walking into a building and developing very slight light- 
headedness, as though the floor is shifting a little beneath you. I 
thought we might get a different, more exciting welcome for being 
special guests who’ve been invited here, but we’re just traipsing on 
with the rest of the riff-raff. All of whom are at least twenty times 
richer than me, obviously, and much better dressed. 

It’s actually pretty small for a cruise ship - so only the size of, say, 
Portsmouth, rather than London. We're shuffled politely into a 
corner of the ‘entertainment area’ to wait for our cue. We’re to set 
up after the guests have had lunch. 

Nobody brings us lunch. Katherin, of course, has brought her own 
sandwiches. They’re sardine. She cheerfully offers me half, which is 
actually very sweet of her, and eventually my stomach-rumbling 
gets so bad that I concede defeat and accept one. I’m twitchy. The 
last time I was on a cruise it was through the Greek islands with 
Justin, and I was positively glowing with love and post-sex 
hormones. Now, huddled in a corner with three Aldi bags of 
knitting needles, crochet hooks and wool, accompanied by an ex- 


hippy and a sardine sandwich, I can no longer deny the fact that my 
life has taken a turn for the worse. 

‘So what’s the plan, then?’ I ask Katherin, nibbling the crusts off 
the sandwich. The fishiness isn’t so bad at the edges. ‘What do I 
need to do?’ 

‘Tl demonstrate how to take measurements from you first,’ 
Katherin says. ‘Then [ll talk through the basic stitches for any 
beginners, then lll use my pre-prepared bits to show them the 
tricks of compiling yourself a perfectly fitted outfit! And of course, 
rll show them my five top tips for measuring as you go.’ 

‘Measuring as you go’ is one of Katherin’s catchphrases. It has yet 
to catch on. 

In the end, when it’s finally time for us to kick off, we gather quite 
a crowd. Katherin knows how to do that - she probably practised at 
rallies and things, back in days of yore. It’s largely a crowd of old 
ladies and their husbands, but there are a few younger women in 
their twenties and thirties, and even a couple of guys. I’m quite 
encouraged. Maybe Katherin’s right that crochet is on the up. 

‘A big hand for my glamorous assistant!’ Katherin is saying, as 
though we’re putting on a magic show. Actually, the magician in 
the other corner of the entertainment area is looking pretty miffed. 

Everyone claps me dutifully. I try to look cheerful and crochet-ish, 
but I’m still chilly, and I feel drab in my neutral clothing - white 
jeans, pale grey T-shirt, and a lovely warm pink cardigan that I 
thought I’d sold sometime last year but rediscovered in my 
wardrobe this morning. It’s the only colourful element to this 
outfit, and I can tell Katherin is about to... 


‘Cardigan off!’ she says, already undressing me. This is so 
undignified. And cold. ‘Are you all paying close attention? Phones 
away, please! We managed without checking Facebook every five 
minutes in the Cold War, didn’t we? Hmm? That’s right, a bit of 
perspective for you all! Phones away, that’s it! 

I try not to laugh. Thats trademark Katherin - she always says 
bringing up the Cold War startles people into submission. 

She starts measuring me — neck, shoulders, bust, waist, hips — and 
it occurs to me that my measurements are now being read out to a 
really quite large group of people, which makes my urge to laugh 
even more powerful. It’s the classic, isn’t it - you’re not allowed to 
laugh, and suddenly that’s what you want to do more than 
anything. 

Katherin shoots me a warning look as she measures my hips, 
chatting away about pleating to create sufficient ‘room for the 
buttocks’, and no doubt feeling how my body is beginning to shake 
with supressed laughter. I know I need to be professional. I know I 
can’t just burst out laughing right now - it’ll totally undermine her. 
But . . . Look at me. That old lady over there just wrote down my 
inner thigh measurement in her notebook. And that guy at the back 
looks— 

That guy at the back... That... 

That’s Justin. 

He moves away when I clock it’s him, slipping off into the crowd. 
But first, before he goes, he holds my gaze. It sends a shock right 
through me, because it’s not your ordinary eye contact. It’s a very 
distinct sort of eye contact. The sort you get locked into in the 


moment just before you toss a twenty on the table and scramble out 
of the pub to make out in a cab home, or in the moment when you 
put down the wine glass and head upstairs to bed. 

It’s sex eye contact. His eyes say, I’m undressing you in my head. The 
man who left me months ago, who hasn’t picked up one of my calls 
since, whose fiancée is probably on this very cruise with him .. . 
He’s giving me that look. And in that moment I am more exposed 
than any number of elderly ladies with notebooks could make me 
feel. I feel completely naked. 


10 


Leon 


Me: You could have found each other again. Love finds a way, Mr 
Prior! Love finds a way! 

Mr Prior is unconvinced. 

Mr Prior: No offence, lad, but you weren’t there — that’s not how it 
worked. Of course, there were lovely stories, girls who thought their 
lads were long dead, then came home to find them traipsing up the 
path in their uniform, fresh as a daisy .. . but for every one, there 
were hundreds of stories of lovers who never came back. Johnny’s 
probably dead, and if he’s not, he’s long since married to some- 
gentleman or lady somewhere, and I’m forgotten. 

Me: But you said he wasn’t on that list. 

I’m waving a hand at the list of war dead I printed, unsure why I’m 
pushing this point so hard. Mr Prior hasn’t asked to find Johnny; he 
was just pining. Reminiscing. 

But I see a lot of elderly people here. I’m used to reminiscing; I’m 
used to pining. Felt this was different. I felt Mr Prior had unfinished 


business. 

Mr Prior: I don’t think so, no. But then, I’m a forgetful old man, 
and your computer system is a new-fangled thing, so either of us 
could be wrong, couldn’t we? 

He gives me a gentle smile, like I’m doing this for me, not him. 
Look closer at him. Think of all the nights when I’ve arrived to 
chatter about visitors from other patients, and have seen Mr Prior 
sitting quietly in the corner, hands in his lap, face folded in neat 
wrinkles like he’s trying hard not to look sad. 

Me: Humour me. Tell me the facts. Regiment? Birthplace? 
Distinctive features? Family members? 

Mr Prior’s little, beady eyes look up at me. He shrugs. Smiles. It 
folds his papery, age-spotted face, shifting the tan lines like ink on 
his neck, left there from decades of shirt collars of precisely the 
same width. 

He gives a slight shake of the head, like he’ll tell someone later 
how barmy these modern nurses are, but starts talking all the same. 
Thursday morning. Ring Mam for short, difficult conversation on 
bus. 

Mam, bleary: Is there news? 

This has been customary greeting for months. 

Leon: Sorry, Mam. 

Mam: Shall I call Sal? 

Leon: No, no. I’m dealing with it. 

Long, miserable silence. We wallow in it. Then, 


Mam, with effort: Sorry, sweetheart, how are you? 


Return home afterwards to find pleasant surprise: home-baked 
flapjack on sideboard. It’s filled with colourful dried fruit and seeds, 
like Essex woman cannot resist clashing colours even in food, but 


this seems less objectionable when I see the note beside the tray. 
Help yourself! Hope you had a good day night. Tiffy x 


An excellent development. Will definitely endure high levels of 
clutter and novelty lamps for three hundred and fifty pounds per 
month and free food. Help myself to large slice and settle down with 
it to write to Richie, filling him in on Holly’s condition. She’s ‘Knave 
Girl’ in my letters to him, and a bit of a caricature of herself - 
sharper, snarkier, cuter. I reach for more flapjack without looking, 
filling page two with descriptions of the stranger Essex-woman 
items, some of which are so ridiculous I think Richie won’t believe 
me. An iron in the shape of Iron Man. Actual clown shoes, hung on 
the wall like a work of art. Cowboy boots with spurs, which I can 
only conclude she wears regularly, looking at how worn they are. 

Notice absently, as I fiddle with the stamp, that I have eaten four 
slices of flapjack. Hope she really meant ‘help yourself’. While biro 
is in hand, scribble on back of her note. 


Thanks. So delicious I accidentally ate most of it. 


Pause before finishing the note. Feel I need to repay her in 
something. There is really hardly any flapjack remaining in tray. 


Thanks. So delicious I accidentally ate most of it. Leftover mushroom 
stroganoff in fridge if you need dinner (on account of having hardly any 
flapjack left). Leon 


Better make mushroom stroganoff now. 
* 
That was not the only note left for me this morning. There’s this 
one on the bathroom door. 


Hi Leon, 
Would you mind putting the toilet seat down please? 

I’m afraid I was unable to write this note in a way that didn’t sound 
passive-aggressive — seriously, it’s something about the note form, you pick 
up a pen and a Post-it and you immediately become a bitch — so I’m just 
styling it out. I might put some smiley faces to really hammer the thing 
home. 


Tiffy x 


There are smiley faces all along the bottom of the note. 

I snort with laughter. One of the smiley faces has a body and is 
pissing towards the corner of the Post-it. Wasn’t expecting that. Not 
sure why - I don’t know this woman - but hadn’t imagined she had 
much of a sense of humour. Maybe because all her books are about 
DIY. 


11 


Tiffy 


‘That is ridiculous. 

‘I know,’ I say. 

‘That was it?’ Rachel yells. I flinch. Last night I drank a bottle of 
wine, panic-baked flapjack, and barely slept; I’m a little fragile for 
shouting. 

We're sitting in the ‘creative space’ at work - it’s like the other 
two Butterfingers Press meeting rooms, except annoyingly it doesn’t 
have a proper door (to convey a sense of openness), and there are 
whiteboards on the walls. Somebody used them once; now the 
notes from their creative session are ingrained in dried-out 
whiteboard marker, totally incomprehensible. Rachel has printed 
out the layouts we’re meeting to discuss, and they’re spread out 
across the table between us. It’s the bloody Make a Stir baking book, 
and you can really tell I was hungover and in a rush when I edited 
this the first-time around. 

‘You’re telling me that you see Justin on a cruise ship and then he 


gives you an I want to fuck you stare and then you go on about your 
business and don’t see him again?’ 

‘I know,’ I say again, positively miserable. 

‘Ridiculous! Why didn’t you go looking for him?’ 

‘I was busy with Katherin! Who, by the way, gave me an actual 
injury,’ I tell her, yanking my poncho out of the way to show her 
the angry red mark where Katherin pretty much stabbed my arm 
mid-demonstration. 

Rachel gives it a cursory look. ‘I hope you brought her manuscript 
delivery date forward for that,’ she says. ‘Are you sure it was Justin? 
Not some other white guy with brown hair? I mean, I imagine a 
cruise ship is—’ 

‘Rachel, I know what Justin looks like.’ 

‘Right, well,’ she says, throwing her arms out wide and sending 
layouts sliding across the table. ‘I can’t believe this. It’s such an 
anticlimax. I really thought your story was going to end with sex in 
a cabin bunk! Or on the deck! Or, or, or in the middle of the ocean, 
on a dinghy’ 

What actually happened was that I spent the rest of the session in 
paralysed, panicky suspense, desperately trying to look like I was 
listening to Katherin’s instructions — ‘Arms up, Tiffy? ‘Watch your 
hair, Tiffy” - and simultaneously keep my eyes on the back of the 
crowd. I did start to wonder if ld imagined it. What the hell were 
the chances? I mean, I know the man likes a cruise, but this is a 
very large country. There are many cruise ships floating around the 
edge of it. 

‘Tell me again,’ Rachel says, ‘about the look.’ 


‘Ughh, I can’t explain it,’ I tell her, laying my forehead down on 
the pages in front of me. ‘I just . . . I know that look from when we 
were together.’ My stomach twists. ‘It was so inappropriate. I mean - 
God - his girlfriend — I mean, his fiancée...’ 

‘He saw you across a crowded room, semi-unclothed, being 
gloriously you-like and pissing about with a middle-aged eccentric 
author... and he remembered why he used to fancy the pants off 
you,’ Rachel concludes. ‘That’s what happened.’ 

‘That’s not...’ But what did happen? Something, definitely. That 
look wasn’t nothing. I feel a little flutter of anxiety at the base of my 
ribs. Even after a whole night of thinking about this, I still can’t 
work out how I feel. One minute Justin appearing on a cruise ship 
and catching my eye seems like the most romantic, fateful moment, 
and then the next I find myself feeling a bit shivery and sick. I was 
all jittery on the journey home from the docks, too - it’s been a 
while since I’ve travelled outside London on my own to anywhere 
other than my parents’. Justin had a real thing about how I always 
ended up on the wrong train, and he was sweet about taking 
journeys with me just in case; as I waited alone in the darkness of 
Southampton station I felt categorically certain Id end up taking a 
train to the Outer Hebrides or something. 

I reach to check my phone - this ‘meeting’ with Rachel is only in 
the diary for half an hour, and then I really do need to edit 
Katherin’s first three chapters. 


I have one new message. 


So good to see you yesterday. | was there for work, and when | saw ‘Katherin 
Rosen and assistant’ on the programme, | thought, hey, that’s got to be Tiffy. 


Only you could laugh your way through someone reading out your 
measurements — most girls would hate that. But | guess that’s what makes you 
special. J xx 


Hands shaking, I stretch the phone out to show Rachel. She gasps, 
hands to mouth. 

‘He loves you! That man is still in love with you! 

‘Calm down, Rachel,’ I tell her, though my heart is currently 
making an attempt at a getaway via my throat. I feel as if I’m 
choking and breathing too much all at the same time. 

‘Can you text back and tell him that comments like that are the 
reason womankind cares so much about their measurements? And 
that by declaring that “most girls would hate that”, he is 
perpetuating the female body image problem, and setting women 
up against one another, which is one of the greatest problems 
feminism faces to this day?’ 

I narrow my eyes at her, and she flashes me a big grin. ‘Or you 
could just say, “Thanks, come over and show me how special I am 
all night long”? 

‘Ugh. I don’t know why I talk to you.’ 

‘Its me or Martin,’ she points out, gathering up the layouts. ‘Tl 
take in these changes. You go get your man back, all right?’ 

x 
‘No,’ Gerty says immediately. ‘Do not text him that. He is scum of 
the earth who treated you like shit, tried to isolate you from your 
friends, and almost certainly cheated on you. He does not deserve a 
text of this niceness.’ 

There is a pause. 


‘What made you want to reply with that message, Tiffy? Mo asks, 
as if he’s translating for Gerty. 

‘I just . . . wanted to talk to him.’ My voice is very small. The 
tiredness is starting to eat away at me; I’m curled up on my beanbag 
with a hot chocolate, and Mo and Gerty are staring down at me 
from the sofa, their faces a picture of concern (actually, Gerty’s isn’t 
— she just looks angry). 

Gerty reads my draft message out again. ‘Hi Justin. So good to hear 
from you. I’m just sorry we didn’t get to catch up properly, despite being on 
the same cruise ship! And then two kisses.’ 

‘He did two kisses,’ I say a little defensively. 

‘The kisses are last on my list of things to change about that 
message, Gerty says. 

‘Are you sure you want to start up contact with Justin again at all, 
Tiffy? You seem a lot better in yourself since you’ve moved out of 
his flat,’ Mo says. ‘I wonder if that might not be a coincidence.’ He 
sighs when I don’t say anything. ‘I know you find it hard to think 
badly of him, Tiffy, but whatever excuses you can give him for 
everything else, even you can’t ignore the fact that he left you for 
another woman.’ 

I flinch. 

‘Sorry. But he did, and even if he’s left her, which we don’t have 
any evidence he has, he still went off with her. You can’t reason that 
away or convince yourself you’ve imagined it, because you’ve met 
Patricia. Look back at that Facebook message. Remember how it felt 
when he turned up with her at the flat.’ 

Ugh. Why do people keep saying things I don’t want to hear? I 


miss Rachel. 

‘What do you think he’s doing, Tiffy? Mo asks. He’s pushing so 
hard all of a sudden - it’s making me squirm. 

‘Being friendly. Trying to get in touch again.’ 

‘He’s not asked to meet up,’ Mo points out. 

‘And the look he gave you was more than friendly, by the sounds 
of it,’ Gerty says. 

‘T... It’s true. It wasn’t a hey, I’ve missed you so much, I wish we could 
talk again look. But it was . . . something. It’s true I can’t ignore the 
fiancée, but I can’t ignore that look either. What did it mean? If he 
wanted to — if he wanted to get back together... 

‘Would you?’ Gerty asks. 

‘Would I what?’ I ask, buying myself time. 

She doesn’t answer. She knows my game. 

I think about how miserable I’ve been these last few months, how 
bleak it was to say goodbye to his flat. How many times I’ve looked 
Patricia up on Facebook and cried on to my laptop keyboard until I 
got a bit worried about electrocution. 

I was so lucky to have him. Justin was always so .. . fun. 
Everything was a whirlwind; wed be flying from country to 
country, trying everything, staying up until four in the morning and 
climbing on to the roof to watch the sunrise. Yes, we fought a lot 
and I made a lot of mistakes in that relationship, but mostly I’d just 
felt so lucky to be with him. Without him I feel . . . lost. 

‘I don’t know,’ I say. ‘But a big part of me wants to.’ 

‘Don’t worry, Gerty says, standing up smartly and patting me on 
the head, ‘we won’t let you.’ 


12 


Leon 


Hi Leon, 

All right, fine — the truth is, I panic-bake. When I’m sad or things are 
difficult, baking is my go-to. And what of it? I turn my negativity into 
delicious, calorific goodness. As long as you can’t taste traces of my misery 
in the cake mix, I don’t think you should be questioning why I have been 
baking every night this week. 

Which, as it happens, is because my ex-boyfriend turned up on my cruise 
ship* and gave me the eye and then buggered off. So now I’m all muddled. 
He sent me this sweet text about how special I was, but I didn’t text back. I 
wanted to, but my friends talked me out of it. They’re annoying, and 
usually right about stuff. 

Anyway, that’s why you’ve had so much cake. 

Tiffy x 

*Not my cruise ship. No offence, but I wouldn’t be sharing a bedroom 
with you if I was the sort of person who owned a cruise ship. I’d be living in 
a Scottish castle with technicolour turrets. 


Hi Tiffy, 
Sorry to hear about your ex. Guessing from your friends’ reactions that 
they don’t think he’s good for you — is that what you think? 

I’m Team Ex if it means cake. 

Leon 


Hi Leon, 
I don’t know — I’ve not really thought about it like that, actually. My 
kneejerk reaction is yeah, he’s good for me. But then, I don’t know. We 
were very up and down, one of those couples everyone’s always talking 
about (we’ve broken up and got back together a few times before). It’s easy 
to remember the happy times — and there were tons of them, and they 
were awesome — but I guess since we broke up I’ve only remembered those. 
So I know that being with him was fun. But was it good for me? Ugh. I 
don’t know. 
Hence the Victoria sandwich with homemade jam. 
Tiffy x 
On a large ring-bound printout of a book, titled Built: My Amazing 
Journey from Bricklayer to High-End Interior Designer: 


Be honest — picked this up off table as thought it sounded hilariously 
rubbish. Couldn’t put it down. Didn’t get to sleep until noon. Is this man 
your ex? If not, can I marry him? 

Leon 


Hey Leon, 


I’m so glad you enjoyed the book! My beautiful bricklayer-turned-designer 
is not in fact my ex, and yes, he is much more likely to want to marry you 
than me. I imagine Kay would have opinions on the subject, though. 

Tiffy x 
Kay says am not allowed to marry beautiful bricklayer-turned-designer. 
Shame. She says hi. 
Good to catch her yesterday! She says I’m making you fat with all the cake. 
She made me promise to channel my emotional turmoil into healthier 
options from now on, so I made us carob and date brownies. Sorry, they’re 
totally disgusting. 

I’m moving this Post-it on to Wuthering Heights now as I need to take 
Built back to the office! x 


On cupboard above kitchen bin: 


When is our bin day again? 

Leon 
Is this a joke? I’ve lived here for five weeks! You’ve lived here for years! 
How can you be asking me when bin day is?! 

... but yes, it was yesterday, and we forgot. x 
Oh, thought so... Can never remember if it’s Tuesday or Thursday. It’s a 
days-beginning-with-T thing. Difficult. 

Any news from the ex? You’ve stopped baking. It’s OK, freezer stockpile 
will get me through for a while, but am keen for you to have another crisis 


in, say, mid-May. 
Leon 


Hey, 
Total radio silence. He’s not even been updating his Twitter or Facebook so 
I can’t stalk him — so he is probably still with his fiancée (I mean, why 
wouldn’t he be, all he did was look at me a bit funny), and I probably 
completely misread the cruise-ship moment, and he’s probably a despicable 
human being like my friend Gerty says he is. Anyway, I’ve paid him back 
all the money I owe him. I now owe the bank a terrifying amount instead. 
Thanks for the risotto, it was delicious — you’re a really good cook for 
someone who only ever eats meals at the wrong times of the day! 


Tiffy x 
Beside baking tray: 


Jesus. Didn’t know about the fiancée. Or the money. 
Does millionaire shortbread mean you got news? 


* 


Beside baking tray, now full of crumbs: 


Nothing. He’s not even sent a message to say he received the payment. This 
is totally tragic but I found myself wishing yesterday that I’d just kept 
paying a few hundred a month — then in a way we’d still be in touch. And I 
wouldn’t be quite so deep into my overdraft. 

Basically, in summary, he hasn’t said a word to me since the cruise-ship 
text. I’m officially an idiot x 


Eh. Love makes us all idiots — first time I met Kay I told her I was a jazz 
musician (saxophone). Thought she’d like it. 

Chilli on hob for you. 

Leon x 


APRIL 


13 


Tiffy 


‘T think I’m having palpitations.’ 

‘Nobody has had palpitations since the olden days finished,’ Rachel 
informs me, taking an unacceptably large sip of the latte the head 
of Editorial bought me (every so often he feels guilty for 
Butterfingers not paying me enough, and splashes out £2.20 on a 
coffee to assuage his conscience). 

‘This book. Is. Killing me,’ I say. 

‘The saturated fat in your lunch is killing you.’ Rachel prods the 
banana bread I’m currently munching my way through. ‘Your 
baking is getting worse. By which I mean better, obviously. Why 
aren’t you getting fatter?’ 

‘I am, but I’m just bigger than you, so you don’t notice the 
difference as much. I stash my new cake weight in bits you won’t 
spot. Like the upper arm, for instance. Or the cheek. I’m getting 
rounder cheeks, don’t you think?’ 

‘Edit, woman!’ Rachel says, slapping a hand on the layouts 


between us. Our weekly catch-ups about Katherin’s book soon 
became daily catch-ups as March slipped by; now, faced with the 
terrifying realisation that it is April and our print date is only a 
couple of months away, they have become daily catch-ups and daily 
lunches. ‘And when are you getting me the photos of the hats and 
scarves?’ Rachel adds. 

Oh, God. The hats and scarves. I wake up in the middle of the 
night thinking about hats and scarves. There is no agency free to 
take on making them at such short notice, and Katherin really 
doesn’t have time. Contractually she doesn’t have to make all the 
samples herself - this is a mistake I will never make again at 
negotiation stage — so I have no ammunition to make her do it. I 
tried actual begging, but she told me, not unkindly, that I was 
embarrassing myself. 

I gaze mournfully at my banana bread. ‘There is no solution,’ I say. 
‘The end is nigh. The book is going to go to print with no pictures in 
the hats and scarves chapter.’ 

‘No it bloody well isn’t,’ Rachel says. ‘For starters, you’ve not got 
enough words to fill the space. Edit! And then think of something! 
And do it fast!’ 

Ugh. Why do I like her again? 

When I get home I put the Kettle on straight away - it’s a cup-of-tea 
sort of evening. There’s an old note from Leon stuck on the 
underside of the kettle. They get everywhere, these Post-its. 

Leon’s mug is still by the sink, half full of milky coffee. He always 
drinks it that way, from the same chipped white mug with a 


cartoon rabbit on the side. Every night that mug will either be on 
this side of the sink, half drunk, which I guess means he was 
pushed for time, or washed up on the draining board, which I 
assume means he managed to get up with the alarm. 

The flat is pretty homely now. I had to let Leon reclaim some of 
the space in the living area — sometime last month he removed half 
of my cushions and put them in a pile in the hall with a label 
reading ‘I Am Finally Putting My Foot Down (sorry)’ - but he may 
have been right that there were a few too many. It was getting quite 
hard to sit on the sofa. 

The bed is still the strangest part of this whole flatsharing thing. 
For the first month or so I put my own sheets on and took them off 
again every morning, and Id lie on the furthest edge of my left- 
hand side, my pillow pulled away from his. But now I don’t bother 
alternating the sheets — I only lie on my side anyway. It’s really all 
quite normal. Of course, I still haven’t actually met my flatmate, 
which I acknowledge is technically a bit weird, but we’ve started 
leaving each other notes more and more often now - sometimes I 
forget we haven’t had these conversations in person. 

I chuck my bag down and collapse on the beanbag while the tea 
brews. If ’'m honest with myself, I’m waiting. lve been waiting for 
months now, ever since I saw Justin. 

Surely he’s going to get in touch with me. OK, so I never replied to 
his text - something I still intermittently hate Gerty and Mo for not 
letting me do - but he gave me that look on the cruise ship. 
Obviously it’s now been so long that I’ve almost entirely forgotten 
the look itself, and it’s just a compilation of different expressions I 


remember on Justin’s face (or, maybe more realistically, remember 
from all his Facebook photos) . . . but still. At the time it felt very... 
OK, I still don’t know what it felt. Very something. 

As more time passes I’ve found myself thinking about how weird it 
was that Justin was on that very cruise ship on the one day that 
Katherin and I were doing the How to Crochet Your Own Clothes Fast 
show. As much as the thought appeals, it can’t have been because 
he came specially to see me - we were rescheduled at the last 
minute, so he wouldn’t have known I was going to be there. Plus his 
text said he was there for work, which is perfectly plausible — he 
works for an entertainment company that arranges shows for 
things like cruises and tourist tours of London. (I was always a bit 
hazy on the details, to be honest. It all seemed very logistical and 
stressful.) 

So if he didn’t come on purpose, then doesn’t it feel a bit like fate? 

I grab my tea and wander into the bedroom, at a loose end. I don’t 
even want to get back together with Justin, do I? This is the longest 
we've ever been broken up, and it does feel different from the other 
times. Maybe because he left me for a woman he then promptly 
proposed to. It’s probably that. 

In fact, I shouldn’t even care whether he’s going to get in touch 
with me. What does that say about me, that I’m waiting for a man 
who most likely cheated on me to give me a call? 

‘It says that you’re loyal and trusting,’ Mo says, when I ring him 
and ask this very question. “The exact qualities that mean Justin is 
likely to try and get in touch again.’ 

‘You think he will too?’ I realise I’m twitchy, jumpy, hungry for 


reassurance, which annoys me even more. | start tidying my Gilmore 
Girls DVDs into the correct order, too jittery to stand still. There’s 
another note jammed between series one and two; I yank it loose 
and skim over it. ld been trying to persuade Leon to try actually 
using our television, offering him my very high-quality DVD 
collection as a place to start. He was not convinced. 

‘Almost certainly,’ Mo says. “That seems to be Justin’s way. But... 
are you sure you want him to?’ 

‘Td like him to talk to me. Or at least acknowledge me. I don’t 
know where his head is at. He seemed so mad at me about the flat, 
but then that message after I saw him on the cruise ship was really 
sweet, so... I don’t know. I want him to call. Ugh.’ I clench my eyes 
shut. ‘Why is that?’ 

‘Maybe you spent a lot of time being told you couldn’t manage 
without him,’ Mo says gently. ‘That would explain why you want 
him back, even when you don’t want him.’ 

I flounder around looking for a change of subject. The latest 
episode of Sherlock? The new assistant at work? But I find I don’t 
even have the energy to be diverting. 

Mo waits quietly. ‘It’s true, though, isn’t it?’ he says. ‘I mean, have 
you thought about dating anyone else?’ 

‘I could date someone else,’ I protest. 

‘Hmm.’ He sighs. ‘How did that look on the cruise ship really make 
you feel, Tiffy?’ 

‘I don’t know. It was ages ago now. I guess... it was kind of... 
sexy? And nice to be wanted?’ 


‘You weren’t afraid?’ 


“What?” 

‘Did you feel afraid? Did the look make you feel smaller?’ 

I frown. ‘Mo, give it a rest. It was just a look. He definitely wasn’t 
trying to scare me — besides, I rang you to talk about whether he’ll 
ever call me, and thanks, you made me feel a bit better about that, 
so let’s draw the line there.’ 

For a long while there’s silence at the other end of the phone. I’m 
a little shaken despite myself. 

‘That relationship took its toll on you, Tiffy,’ Mo says gently. ‘He 
made you miserable.’ 

I shake my head. I mean, I know me and Justin argued, but we 
always made up, and things only got more romantic after a fight, so 
it didn’t really count. It wasn’t like when other couples argued - it 
was all just part of the beautiful, crazy rollercoaster that was our 
relationship. 

‘It'll all sink in eventually, Tiff,’ Mo says. “When it does, you just 
get on the phone to me, OK?’ 

I nod, not really sure what I’m agreeing to. From my vantage point 
I’ve just spotted the perfect distraction from how I’m feeling right 
now: the bag of scarves under Leon’s bed. The one I found on my 
first night here, which convinced me that Leon was probably some 
kind of serial killer. There’s a note on them which I’m sure wasn’t 
there when I looked at them before — it says FOR CHARITY SHOP. 

‘Thanks, Mo,’ I say into the phone. ‘See you Sunday for coffee.’ I 
hang up, already looking around for a pen. 


Hey, 
OK, sorry for snooping under (y)our bed. I get that that’s definitely 


unacceptable. But these scarves are INCREDIBLE. As in, designer 
incredible. And I know we’ve never talked about this or anything, but I’m 
guessing that if you’re letting a random stranger (me) sleep in your bed 
then you’re doing it because you’re short of cash, not because you’re a 
really nice man who feels bad about how hard it is to get a cheap flat in 
London. 

So while Iam ALL FOR giving old clothes to charity shops (after all, I buy 
most of my possessions from charity shops — people like me need people like 
you), I think you should consider selling these scarves. You’d probably get 
around £200 a pop. 

If you feel like giving one 90% off to your lovely flatmate, I won’t object. 

Tiffy x 

PS Where did you get them all from, by the way? If you don’t mind me 
asking. 


14 


Leon 


Arms out wide, legs akimbo. A stern-looking prison guard frisks me 
very enthusiastically. Suspect I fit her profile of person who may 
bring drugs or weapons into visiting hall. Imagine her flicking 
through her mental checklist. Gender: Male. Race: Indeterminate, 
but a bit browner than would be preferable. Age: Young enough not 
to know better. Appearance: Scruffy. 

Try to smile in a non-threatening, good-citizen sort of way. 
Probably comes across as cocky, on reflection. Begin to feel slightly 
queasy, the reality of this place seeping in despite the efforts I have 
made to pointedly ignore rolls of barbed wire on top of thick steel 
fences, windowless buildings, aggressive signs about consequences 
of smuggling drugs into prisons. Despite having done this at least 
once a month since November. 

The walk from security to the visiting hall is perhaps the worst 
part. It involves a maze of concrete and barbed wire, and all the way 


you are ferried by different prison guards, taking their key chains 


from their hips for gates and doors that need locking behind you 
before you can even take a step towards the next one. It’s a 
beautiful spring day; the sky is just visible above the wires, 
tauntingly blue. 

Visiting hall is better. Kids toddle between tables, or get lifted 
overhead, squealing, by muscly dads. Prisoners wear bright-coloured 
bibs to differentiate them from the rest of us. Men in high-viz 
orange inch closer to visiting girlfriends than they’re strictly 
allowed to be, fingers wound tight. There’s more emotion here than 
at an airport arrivals lounge. Love Actually was missing a trick. 

Sit at assigned table. Wait. When they bring Richie in, my stomach 
does a peculiar lurch, like it’s trying to turn inside out. He looks 
tired and unwashed, cheeks hollow, head hastily shaved. He’s in his 
only pair of jeans - won’t have wanted me to see him in the prison- 
issue joggers — but they’re too loose around the waist now. Hate it, 
hate it, hate it. 

I get up and smile, stretching my arms out for a hug. Wait for him 
to come to me; can’t leave allocated area. Prison guards line the 
walls, watching closely, expressionless. 

Richie, slapping me on the back: All right, brother, you’re looking 
good! 

Me: You too. 

Richie: Liar. I look like shit warmed up. Water’s been knocked out 
after some scene on E Wing - no idea when it’ll come back on, but 
until then, I wouldn’t recommend trying to use the toilets. 

Me: Noted. How’re you doing? 

Richie: Peachy. Have you heard anything from Sal? 


Thought I could avoid that topic for at least one minute. 

Me: Yeah. He’s sorry about those papers holding up the appeal, 
Richie. He’s working on it. 

Richie’s face closes up. 

Richie: I can’t keep waiting, Lee. 

Me: You want me to try and find someone new, Pll do it. 

Glum silence. Richie knows as well as I do that this’ll probably 
slow things down even further. 

Richie: Did he get the footage from the Aldi camera? 

Did he even request the footage from the Aldi camera is the 
question. Am starting to doubt it, even though he told me he did. 
Rub back of neck, look down at shoes, wish harder than ever that 
Richie and I were anywhere but here. 

Me: Not yet. 

Richie: That’s the key, man, I’m telling you. That camera in Aldi 
will show them. They’ll see it’s not me. 

Wish this was true. How high-res is this footage, though? How 
likely is it that it’ll be clear enough to counteract the witness 
identification? 

We talk about the appeal case for almost the full hour. Just can’t 
get him off the topic. Forensics, overlooked evidence, always the 
CCTV. Hope, hope, hope. 

Leave with shaking knees, take a cab to the station. Need sugar. 
Have some tiffin Tiffy made in bag; eat about three thousand 
calories of it as the train rolls through the countryside, flat field 
after flat field, taking me away from my brother and back to the 
place where everyone’s forgotten him. 


* 


Find bin-bag of scarves in centre of bedroom when I get home, with 
Tiffy’s note pasted on its side. 

Mr Prior makes two-hundred-pound scarves? Doesn’t even take 
him very long! Ahhh. Think of all the times I turned down his offer 
of new scarf, hat, glove, or tea cosy. Could have been a billionaire by 


Now. 


On bedroom door: 


Hi Tiffy, 

THANK YOU for telling me about the scarves. Yes, need the money. Will 
sell — can you recommend where/how? 

Gentleman at work knits them. He’s basically giving them away to 
anyone/everyone who will take them (or else I’d feel bad taking the money . 


3) 


Leon 


Hey, 
Oh, definitely — you should sell these through Etsy or Preloved. They'll have 
tons of customers who would love these scarves. 

Umm. Odd question, but might this gentleman at your work be interested 
in crocheting for commission? 

Tiffy x 
No idea what that means. Btw, take your fave scarf — will put rest on 
interweb tonight. 

Leon 


* 


Fallen on floor by bedroom door (quite hard to track down): 


Morning, 
As in, I’m working on a book called Crochet Your Way (I know — it’s one of 
my best titles, I have to say) and we need someone to make us four scarves 
and eight hats very, very fast so we can photograph them to include in the 
book. He’d have to follow my author’s brief (on colour and stitch etc). I can 
pay him, but not a lot. Can you give me his contact details? I’m really 
desperate and he’s obviously crazily talented. 

Oh my God, I’m going to be wearing this scarf all the time (I don’t care if 
it’s technically spring time). I love it. Thank you! 


Tiffy x 


Back to bedroom door again: 


Eh. Can’t see why this wouldn’t work, though might need to run it by 
Matron. Write me a letter and will give it to her, then to gentleman knitter 
if she gives the OK. 

If you’re wearing that scarf all the time, can you dispose of the five 
hundred scarves currently occupying your side of wardrobe? 

Other news: first scarf just sold for £235! Mad. It’s not even nice! 


Leon 


On kitchen breakfast bar, beside unsealed envelope: 


Hey, 
My side is the key part of that sentence, Leon. My side, and I want to fill 


it with scarves. 


The letter is here — let me know if you think it needs changing at all. At 
some point we may need to do a bit of a tidy of our notes to one another, 
by the way. The flat is starting to look like a scene from A Beautiful 
Mind. 

Tiffy x 

I pass Tiffy’s letter to Matron, who gives me the all-clear to offer Mr 
Prior the opportunity to knit for Tiffy’s book. Or crochet. Am 
extremely unclear on the difference. No doubt Tiffy will write me a 
long note at some point with detailed explanation, unprompted. 
She loves a lengthy explanation. Why use one clause when you 
could use five? Strange, ridiculous, hilarious woman. 

One night later and Mr Prior’s got two hats done already - they 
look hat-like and woolly, so I’m assuming all is as it should be. 

Only downside to this arrangement is now Mr Prior is fascinated 
with Tiffy. 

Mr Prior: So she’s a book editor. 

Me: Yes. 

Mr Prior: What an interesting profession. 

A pause. 

Mr Prior: And she lives with you? 

Me: Mim. 

Mr Prior: How interesting. 

Look at him sideways while writing his notes. He blinks back at 
me, beady-eyed and innocent. 

Mr Prior: I just didn’t imagine you’d like living with another 
person. You like your independence so much. Isn’t that why you 


didn’t want to move in with Kay? 

Must stop talking to patients about personal life. 

Me: It’s different. I don’t have to see Tiffy. We just leave each other 
notes, really. 

Mr Prior nods thoughtfully. 

Mr Prior: The art of letter writing. A profoundly . . . intimate thing, 
a letter, isn’t it? 

I stare at him suspiciously. Not sure what he’s getting at here. 

Me: It’s Post-its on the fridge, Mr Prior, not hand-delivered letters 
on scented paper. 

Mr Prior: Oh, yes, I’m sure you’re right. Absolutely. Post-its. No art 
in that, I’m sure. 
Next night, and even Holly has heard about Tiffy. Amazing how 
uninteresting news travels so fast between wards when significant 
proportion of people in building are bedbound. 

Holly: Is she pretty? 

Me: I don’t know, Holly. Does it matter? 

Holly pauses. Thoughtful. 

Holly: Is she nice? 

Me, after a moment’s thought: Yes, she’s nice. Bit nosy and 
strange, but nice. 

Holly: What does it mean, that she’s your ‘flatmate’? 

Me: Flatmate means she shares my flat. We live there together. 

Holly, eyes widened: Like boyfriend and girlfriend? 

Me: No, no. She’s not my girlfriend. She’s a friend. 

Holly: So you sleep in different rooms? 


Get bleeped before I have to answer that one, thankfully. 


MAY 


15 


Tiffy 


As I peel the Post-its and taped scraps of paper off cupboard doors, 
tables, walls and (in one case) the bin lid, I find myself grinning. It 
was a weird way to get to know Leon, writing all these notes over 
the last few months, and it sort of happened without me noticing - 
one minute I was scribbling him a quick note about leftovers, the 
next I was in a full-on, day-to-day correspondence. 

Though, as I follow the trail of heart-to-hearts along the back of 
the sofa, I can’t help noticing that I generally write about five times 
as many words as Leon does. And that my Post-its are a lot more 
personal and revealing than his. It’s kind of strange reading it all 
back - you can see how dodgy my memory is, for starters. Like in 
one of the notes, I mentioned how super awkward it was that I’d 
forgotten to pass on Rachel’s birthday-party invite to Justin last year, 
but I remember now - I did invite him. We ended up having a huge 
fight about whether I could go. Justin always said my memory was 
terrible; it’s very annoying to find written evidence that he’s right. 


It’s half five now. I finished work early because everyone’s out of 
the office for a goodbye party that I can’t afford to go to, so I made 
an executive decision to go home in the absence of any actual 
executives to make the decision for me. I’m sure it’s what they 
would have wanted. 

I thought I might actually catch Leon tonight, as I got back at 
around 5 p.m. It felt a bit strange. I’m not really allowed to come 
home early and bump into him, according to the official terms of 
our agreement. I knew when I signed up for this that we wouldn’t 
be in the flat at the same time — that was why it was such a good 
idea. But I didn’t realise that we would literally never meet. Like, 
ever, at all, for four whole months. 

I did think about spending this hour at the coffee place around the 
corner, but then I thought . . . it is starting to get a bit weird, being 
friends but not having actually met. And it does feel like that, like 
we're friends — I don’t think it could be otherwise, the way we’re in 
each other’s space all the time. I know exactly how he likes his eggs 
fried, though I’ve never actually seen him eat one (there’s always 
tons of runny yolk left over on the plate). I could describe his dress 
sense pretty accurately, even though I’ve never seen him in any of 
the clothes drying on the clothes horse in the living room. And, 
weirdest of all, I know what he smells like. 

I don’t see any reason why we shouldn’t meet — it wouldn’t change 
the terms of how we live here. It would just mean I would actually 
recognise my flatmate if I saw him walking down the street. 

The phone rings, which is odd, because I wasn’t aware we had a 
phone. At first I go for my mobile, but my ringtone is a jingly happy 


tune from right down the list of those available from Samsung, not 
the retro ring ring that’s currently singing out from somewhere 
invisible in the living room. 

I eventually track down a landline on the kitchen counter, under 
one of Mr Prior’s scarves and a string of notes about whether or not 
Leon used up all the butter (he totally did). 

A landline! Who knew! I thought landlines were just relics you 
paid for in order to get broadband. 

‘Hello?’ I try tentatively. 

‘Oh, hey,’ says the guy at the other end. He sounds surprised 
(presumably I am more female than he had expected) and has a 
weird accent — kind of half Irish, half Londoner. 

‘It’s Tiffy,’ I offer. ‘Leon’s flatmate.’ 

‘Ey! Hi!’ He seems to have been greatly cheered by this fact. ‘And 
don’t you mean bedmate?’ 

‘We prefer flatmate,’ I say, wincing. 

‘Fair play,’ he says, and somehow I can sort of hear that he’s 
grinning. ‘Well, nice to meet you, Tiffy. I’m Richie. Leon’s brother.’ 

‘Pleased to meet you too, Richie.’ I didn’t know Leon had a brother. 
But then I suppose there are probably an enormous number of 
things I don’t know about Leon, even if I do know what he’s reading 
before bed at the moment (The Bell Jar, very slowly). “You just missed 
Leon, I guess. I got in half an hour ago and he was already gone.’ 

‘The man works too hard,’ Richie says. ‘I didn’t realise it was half 
five already. What’s your tap-in-tap-out time?’ 

‘Six, usually, but I got out of work early,’ I say. “You could try him 


on his mobile?’ 


‘Ah, now you see, Tiffy, I can’t do that,’ Richie says. 

I frown. “You can’t call his mobile?’ 

‘To be honest with you, it’s a bit of a long story.’ Richie pauses. 
‘Short version is, I’m in a high-security prison, and the only phone 
number I’ve managed to get set up for me to call is Leon’s home 
line. Mobiles cost twice as much to call, too, and I earn about 
fourteen pounds a week in my job cleaning the wing, which by the 
way I had to pay someone to get me... so that doesn’t get me very 
far. 

I feel a little shell-shocked. ‘Shit!’ I say. ‘That’s awful. Are you all 
right?’ 

It just comes out. It’s almost certainly not the right thing to say in 
the circumstance, but there we are - that’s what I’m thinking, and 
that’s what comes out of my mouth. 

To my surprise — and maybe to his too — Richie starts laughing. 

Tm all right,’ he says, after a moment. “Cheers, though. It’s been 
seven months now. I guess I’m .. . what is it Leon calls it? 
Acclimatising. Learning how to live, as well as just get through each 
minute.’ 

I nod. ‘Well, that’s something, at least. How is it? On the scale of, 
you know, Alcatraz to the Hilton?’ 

He laughs again. ‘Definitely somewhere on that scale, yeah. 
Whereabouts depends on how I’m feeling day to day. But I’m pretty 
lucky compared to lots of people, let me tell you that. I have my 
own cell now, and I can see visitors twice a month.’ 

It doesn’t seem like he’s lucky from where I’m standing. ‘I don’t 
want to keep you on the phone if it’s costing you. Did you have a 


message for Leon?’ 

There’s a rattling sort of silence at the other end, just the sound of 
echoing background noise. 

‘Aren’t you going to ask what I’m in for, Tiffy? 

‘No,’ I say, taken aback. ‘Do you want to tell me?’ 

‘Yeah, a bit. But normally people ask.’ 

I shrug. ‘It’s not my place to judge — you’re Leon’s brother, and you 
rang to talk to him. And anyway, we were talking about how 
horrible prison is, and that’s true regardless of what you did. 
Everyone knows prison doesn’t work. Right?’ 

‘Right - I mean, do they? 

‘Oh, sure.’ 

More silence. 

Tm in for armed robbery. But I didn’t do it.’ 

‘God. I’m sorry. This is really shit, then.’ 

‘Pretty much, yeah,’ Richie says. He waits. And then he asks, ‘Do 
you believe me?’ 

‘I don’t even know you. Why does it matter?’ 

‘I don’t know. It just . . . does.’ 

‘Well, I need some of the facts before I say I believe you. It 
wouldn’t mean much otherwise, would it?’ 

‘Thats my message for Leon then. Tell him Td like him to give you 
the facts, so you can tell me if you believe me.’ 

‘Hang on.’ I reach for a pad of Post-its and a pen. ‘Hi Leon,’ I say, 
reading as I write. ‘This is a message from Richie. He says...’ 

Td like Tiffy to know what happened to me. I want her to believe I 
didn’t do it. She seems like a very nice lady, and I bet she’s pretty to 


boot, you can just tell man, she’s got that kind of voice — deep and 
sexy, you know the—’ 

I’m laughing. ‘I’m not writing that!’ 

‘How far did you get?’ 

“Sexy”; I admit, and Richie laughs. 

‘All right. You can sign the note off now. But leave that last bit, if 
you don’t mind - it'll make Leon smile.’ 

I shake my head, but I’m smiling too. ‘Fine. ll leave it. It was good 
to meet you, Richie.’ 

‘You too, Tiffy. You look after my brother for me, all right?’ 

I pause, surprised at the request. For starters, it seems like Richie’s 
the one who needs looking after, and for seconds, I’m really not 
best placed for looking after any of the Twomey family, given that 
I’ve never met a single one of them. But by the time I open my 
mouth to respond, Richie’s hung up the phone, and all I can hear is 
the dial tone. 


16 


Leon 


Can’t help laughing. This is typical. He’s trying to charm his way 
into the affections of my flatmate even from a prison yard. 

Kay leans over my shoulder, reading the note. 

Kay: Richie is still his old self, I see. 

I stiffen. She feels it and tenses too, but doesn’t backtrack or say 
SOITY. 

Me: He’s trying to Keep things light. Keep everyone laughing. It’s 
Richie’s way. 

Kay: Well, is Tiffy on the market? 

Me: She’s a human, not a cow, Kay. 

Kay: You're so principled, Leon! It was an expression, ‘on the 
market’. You know I’m not actually trying to sell the poor girl to 
Richie. 

There’s something else wrong with that sentence, but am too tired 
to trace it. 

Me: She’s single, but in love with her ex still. 


Kay, interested now: Really? 

Can’t fathom why she’d care - whenever I mention Tiffy she 
switches off or gets grumpy. This is first time we’ve been in my flat 
for months, actually. Kay has the morning off work so came to see 
me for brinner before bed. She got a bit prickly about the notes 
stuck everywhere, for some reason. 

Me: Ex seems average. Far inferior to bricklayer-turned— 

Kay rolls eyes. 

Kay: Will you stop talking about that bloody bricklayer book! 

She wouldn’t be so judgemental if she’d read it. 

A few weeks on and it’s the sort of sunny day that normally only 
happens abroad. England is unaccustomed to such warmth, 
especially when it strikes so suddenly. It’s only June, barely summer 
yet. Commuters hurry around corners, heads still down as if it’s 
raining, backs of pale-blue shirts stained dark with Vs of sweat. 
Teenage boys whip off T-shirts until there are stark white limbs and 
chests and gawky sticking-out elbows all over the place. Can barely 
move without being confronted with sunburnt skin and/or 
unpleasant body heat emanating from man in suit. 

Am on my way back from visit to Imperial War Museum Research 
Room, following a final lead on the hunt for Johnny White. In my 
backpack, I have a list of eight names and addresses. Addresses were 
gathered through endless record-office riffling, contacting relatives, 
and online stalking, so not exactly foolproof, but it’s a start - or 
rather, eight starts. Mr Prior gave me plenty to bulk out my research 
in the end. Get the man talking and he remembers a lot more than 


he claims to. 

Every man on list is called Johnny White. Unsure where to start. 
Pick favourite Johnny? Nearest Johnny? 

Get out phone and text Tiffy. Filled her in on the search for Mr 
Prior’s Johnny White last month. Was after a lengthy letter from 
her about ups and downs of book about crochet; I was obviously in 
a sharing sort of mood. It’s peculiar. Like Tiffy’s compulsive 
oversharing is contagious. Always feel slightly embarrassed when I 
get to the hospice and remember whatever I ended up revealing in 
that evening’s scribbled note written with coffee before heading to 
the door. 


Hi. Got eight Johnnies (sing. Johnny) to choose from. How to pick where to 
start? Leon 


Response comes five minutes or so later. She’s working on the 
crazy crochet author’s book full-time, and it appears her 
concentration is low. I’m not surprised. Crochet is weird and boring. 
Even tried reading some of the manuscript when she left it on the 
coffee table, to check was not like bricklayer book, but no. It’s just a 
book of detailed crochet instructions, with end results that look 
very difficult to achieve. 


That's easy. Eenie meenie mini emo, catch a tiger by its toe . . . xx 


And then, two seconds later, 


Eenie meenie MINIE MO. Autocorrect. | don’t think you’d gain much by getting 
any small emos involved xx 


Peculiar woman. Nonetheless, dutifully pause in patch of shade 
under bus stop to get out list of names and do eenie meenie. Land 
on Johnny White (obviously). It’s the one who lives up near 


Birmingham. 


Good choice. Can visit this one when next visiting Richie — he’s in Birmingham 
area. Thanks. Leon. 


A few minutes of silence. Walk through busy, sweaty London as it 
basks in the heat, sunglasses turned up to the sky. I’m knackered. 
Should have been in bed hours ago. But I spend so little actual 
daylight time out here in the open air these days, and miss the feel 
of sun on skin. Consider idly whether I might be vitamin D 
deficient, then thoughts shift, and I’m wondering how much open- 
air time Richie got this week. According to government, he should 
be let outside for thirty minutes a day. That rarely happens. Prison 
guards are low on numbers; time unlocked is even more limited 


than usual. 


Did you get my note about Richie, by the way? And telling me what happened to 
him? | don’t want to push but it was over a month ago now, and | just want you to 
know | would like to hear it, if you want to tell it. xx 


I stare down at her text, sun bleaching my screen until the words 
are almost invisible. I shade it with one hand and reread. It’s odd, 
how it came like that, just as I was thinking of Richie. 

Wasn’t sure what to make of Richie’s note about telling Tiffy. As 
soon as I knew they’d spoken I found myself wondering if Tiffy 
thinks he’s innocent, even though she doesn’t know him and 


doesn’t know a thing about the case. Ridiculous. Even if she knew 
everything, it shouldn’t matter if she believes him. Haven’t even 
met her. But it’s always like this - a constant nagging that you feel 
with everybody, no matter who they are. You’re conversing 
perfectly normally, and then, next moment, you're thinking, 
‘Would you believe my brother is innocent?’ 

Can’t ask people, though. Is a horrible conversation to have and a 
horrible thing to be asked on the spot, as Kay will testify. 

Reply via note when I get home. Don’t really text Tiffy much; feels 
a bit weird. Like emailing Mam. Notes are just . . . how we talk. 

On wardrobe (latest note trail stops here): 


I'll ask Richie to write to you, if that’s OK. He can tell it best. 

Also, a thought: could your crochet author come to St Marks (where I 
work) sometime? We’re looking to put on more entertainment for patients. 
Strikes me that crochet, though dull, may interest ill elderly people. x 
Hey Leon, 

Of course. Whenever Richie’s ready. 

And yes! Please! PR are always looking for opportunities like that. Can I 
just say, though, you’ve timed this very well, because Katherin has just 
become A CELEBRITY. Check out this tweet she did. 


Printed-out screenshot from Twitter, pasted below note: 
Katherin Rosen @KnittingKatherin 


One of the fantastic scarves you can make from my upcoming book, Crochet Your 
Way. Take time out for mindfulness, and create something beautiful! 


117 comments, 8k retweets, 23k likes. 
New Post-it below that: 


Yeah. EIGHT THOUSAND RETWEETS. (For one of Mr Prior’s scarves, too — 
be sure to tell him!) 


Next Post-it: 


I’m assuming you don’t know much about Twitter because your laptop 
hasn’t even moved for several months, let alone been charged, but that is a 
lot of retweets, Leon. A LOT. And it all happened because this amazing DIY 
Youtuber called Tasha Chai-Latte retweeted it and said this: 


Printed-out screenshot from Twitter (now so low down the 
wardrobe door I have to crouch to read it): 


Tasha Chai-Latte @ChaiLatteDlY 
Crochet is totally the new colouring-in! So much awe for @KnittingKatherin for her 
amazing designs. #bemindful #crochetyourway 


69 comments, 32k retweets, 67k likes. 
Another two Post-it notes beneath: 


She has 15 million followers. The marketing and PR teams are basically 
peeing themselves with excitement. Unfortunately this means I’ve had to 
explain YouTube to Katherin, and she’s even worse than you with 
technology (she has one of those old Nokias that only drug dealers use), plus 
odious Martin from PR ‘live tweets’ from all Katherin’s events now, but 
still. It’s exciting! My lovely oddball Katherin might actually be in with a 
shot at a bestsellers list! Not the bestsellers list, obviously, but one of the 


niche ones on Amazon. Like, you know, number one in crafts and origami, 
or something. xx 


... Will wait until ’ve slept before attempting to reply to this one. 


JULY 


17 


Tiffy 


Its still light when I get home. I love summer. Leon’s trainers are 
missing, so I guess he walked to work today - I’m so jealous he can 
do that. The tube is even more gross when it’s hot. 

I scan the flat for new notes. They’re not always that easy to spot 
these days - there’s usually Post-its on pretty much everything, 
unless one of us has got around to doing a clear-up. 

I spot it on the kitchen counter eventually: an envelope, with 
Richie’s name and prisoner number on one side and our address on 
the other. There’s a short note in Leon’s handwriting next to the 
address. 


The letter from Richie is here. 
And then, inside: 


Dear Tiffy, 
Twas a dark and stormy night .. . 


All right, OK, no it wasn’t. It was a dark and grotty night at Daffie’s 
Nightclub in Clapham. I was already plastered when I got there — we were 
coming from a friend’s housewarming. 

I danced with a few girls that night. You'll get why I’m telling you that 
later. It was a really mixed crowd, lots of young guys out of uni, lots of 
those creepy types who hang around the edges of the dance floor waiting 
for girls to get too drunk so they can make their move. But right at the 
back, at one of the tables, there were a few guys who looked like they 
belonged somewhere else. 

It’s hard to explain. They looked like they were there for a different 
reason from everyone else. They didn’t want to pull, they didn’t want to 
get drunk, they didn’t want to dance. 

So I know now they wanted to do business. They’re known as the Bloods, 
apparently. I only found that out much later, when I was inside and telling 
guys here my story, so I’m guessing you’ve never heard of them either. If 
you’re a pretty much middle-class person who just happens to live in 
London and goes about their business going to work and everything, you'll 
probably never know gangs like this exist. 

But they’re important. I think even then I could tell that, looking at them. 
But I was also very drunk. 

One of the guys came to the bar with his girl. There were only two women 
with the group, and this one looked bored out of her mind, you could just 
see it. She caught my eye down the bar and started to look a lot more 
interested. 

I looked back. If she’s bored of her bloke, that’s his problem, not mine. I’m 
not going to miss the chance to make eyes with a pretty lady just because 
the guy standing next to her looks tougher than the average bloke in 


Daffie’s, let me tell you that. 

He found me later, in the bathroom. Pushed me up against the wall. 

‘Keep your hands off, you hear me?’ 

You know the drill. He was shouting right in my face, a vein pulsing in his 
forehead. 

‘I have no idea what you're talking about,’ I said. Calm as a cucumber. 

He shouted a lot more. Pushed me a bit. I stood firm, but I didn’t push 
back or hit him. He said he’d seen me dancing with her, which wasn’t true. 
I know she wasn’t one of the girls Pd danced with earlier in the night, I 
would have remembered her. 

Still, he'd wound me up, and when she turned up later, just before the 
club closed, I was probably more inclined to chat to her than I would have 
been, just to piss him off. 

We flirted. I bought her a drink. The Bloods, out there at the back, talked 
business and didn’t seem to notice. I kissed her. She kissed me back. I 
remember I was so drunk I felt dizzy when I closed my eyes, so I kissed her 
with my eyes open. 

And then that was it. She just sort of faded back into the club somewhere 
— it’s all hazy, I really was plastered. I couldn’t tell you exactly when she 
left, or I left, or whatever. 

From this point on, I can’t verify everything. If I could, obviously I 
wouldn’t be writing this to you from here, I’d be chilling on your famous 
beanbag with a cup of Leon’s milky coffee and this would probably just be 
a funny anecdote Pd tell at the pub. 

But anyway. Here’s what I think happened. 

They followed me and my mates when we left. The others got night buses, 
but I didn’t live far, so I walked it. I went into the off-licence on Clapham 


Road that stays open all night and bought cigarettes and a six-pack of 
beers. I didn’t even want them — I definitely didn’t need them. It was 
nearly four in the morning and I was probably not even walking straight. 
But I went in, paid cash, went home. I didn’t even see them, but they can’t 
have been far away when I got out of there, because according to the 
camera in the store ‘I came back in’ two minutes later with my hoody 
pulled up and a balaclava on. 

When you watch the footage, the guy does have a similar build to me. 
But as I pointed out in court — whoever it is, they’re doing a better job of 
walking properly than I did. I was way too drunk to be able to dodge the 
bargain bins and get the knife out of the back of my jeans all at the same 
time. 

I had no idea any of this had happened until two days later when I was 
arrested at work. 

They got the kid at the till to unlock the safe. There was four thousand 
five hundred pounds in there. They were smart, or maybe just experienced 
— they didn’t speak any more than they had to, and so when the kid gave 
evidence she hardly had anything to recount. Other than the knife pointed 
in her face, obviously. 

I was on CCTV. I had a previous criminal record. They pulled me in. 

Once I’d been charged they wouldn’t grant me bail. My lawyer took me 
on because he was interested, and he felt confident in the only witness, the 
girl at the till, but they got to her as well in the end. We were expecting her 
to stand up there and say the guy who came in the second time couldn’t 
have been me. That she’d seen me in the off-licence before and I’d been 
perfectly nice and not tried to nick anything. 

But she pointed at me across the courtroom. Said it was me for sure. It 


was like a living nightmare, I can’t even tell you. I could just see it playing 
out, and watch how the jury members’ faces changed, but I couldn’t do 
anything. I tried to get up and speak and the judge just shouted at me — 
you’re not allowed to talk out of turn. My turn never seemed to come, 
though. By the time they got to questioning me, everyone’s mind was made 
up. 

Sal asked me bullshit stupid questions, and I didn’t get the chance to say 
anything good, my head was all over the place, I just hadn’t thought it 
would come to that. The prosecution played on my dodgy record from a 
few years back — I’d got in a couple of fights on nights out when I was 
nineteen, when I was at my lowest (that’s another story, and I swear it 
isn’t as bad as it sounds). They made out like I was violent. They even 
dredged up a guy I used to work with in a café who properly hated me — 
we’d fallen out over some girl he’d liked in college, who Pd ended up taking 
to the prom or some other crap like that. It was kind of amazing, watching 
them spin it. I can see why the jury believed I was guilty. Those lawyers 
were really fucking good at making it sound true. 

They sentenced me to eight years for armed robbery. 

So here I am. I can’t even tell you. Every time I write it out or tell it to 
someone I can’t believe it even more, if that makes sense. All I get is 
angrier. 

It wasn’t a complicated case. We all thought Sal would sort it on appeal. 
(Sal’s the lawyer, by the way.) But he hasn’t fucking got to the appeal yet. I 
was sentenced last November and there’s no appeal even in sight. I know 
Leon is trying to sort it, and I love that man for it, but the fact is nobody 
gives a shit about getting me out of here except him. And Mam, I guess. 

I'll be honest with you, Tiffy, I’m shaking now. I want to scream. These 


times are the worst — there’s nowhere to go. Press-ups are your friend, but 
sometimes you need to run, and when you’ve got three steps between your 
bed and your toilet, there’s not a lot of room for that. 

Anyway. This is a very long letter, and I know it took me a while to write 
it — you’ve maybe forgotten about the whole conversation we had by now. 
You don’t have to reply, but if you want to, Leon can send it with his next 
letter maybe — if you do write, please send stamps and envelopes too. 

I hope you believe me, even more than I usually do. Maybe it’s because 
you’re important to my brother, and my brother is like the only person who 
is properly important to me. 

Yours, 

Richie xx 

x 

The next morning I reread the letter in bed, the duvet pulled up 
around me like a nest. I’m all cold in my stomach, and my skin has 
gone kind of prickly. I want to cry for this man. I don’t know why 
this is hitting me so hard, but whatever it is, this letter has woken 
me up at half five on a Saturday morning. That is how much I 
cannot bear it. It’s so unfair. 

I’m reaching for my phone before I’ve really thought about what 
I’m doing. 

‘Gerty, you know your job?’ 

Tm familiar with it, yes. Primarily as the reason that I am awoken 
at six a.m. almost every morning, bar Saturday mornings.’ 

I look at the clock. Six a.m. 

‘Sorry. But —- what kind of law do you do again?’ 


‘Criminal law, Tiffy. I do criminal law.’ 


‘Right, right. What does that mean though?’ 

Tm going to give you the benefit of the doubt and assume that 
this is urgent,’ Gerty says. She is audibly gritting her teeth. ‘We deal 
with crimes that are against people and their property.’ 

‘Like armed robbery?’ 

‘Yes. That is a good example, well done.’ 

‘You hate me, don’t you? I’m top of your hate list right now.’ 

‘It’s my one lie-in and you’ve ruined it, so yes, you have climbed 
past Donald Trump and that Uber driver I sometimes get who hums 
for the whole journey.’ 

Shit. Things are not going well. 

‘You know the special cases you do for free, or for less money, or 
whatever?’ 

Gerty pauses. ‘Where’s this going, Tiffy? 

‘Just hear me out. If I give you a letter from a guy convicted of 
armed robbery will you just take a look at it? You don’t have to do 
anything. You don’t have to take him on or whatever, obviously, I 
know you have tons more important cases. But will you just read it, 
and maybe write a list of questions?’ 

‘Where did you get this letter from?’ 

‘It’s a long story, and it doesn’t matter. Just know I wouldn’t ask 
you if it wasn’t important.’ 

There is a long, sleepy sort of silence at the other end of the 
phone. 

‘Of course IIl read it. Come over for lunch and bring the letter.’ 

‘I love you.’ 

‘I hate you.’ 


‘I know. [ll bring you a latte from Moll’s, though. Donald Trump 
would never bring you a latte from Moll’s.’ 

‘Fine. llI make my decision on your relative placement on the hate 

list when I’ve tasted how hot the coffee is. Do not ring me again 
before ten.’ She hangs up. 
Gerty and Mo’s flat has been completely Gerty-fied. You almost can’t 
tell Mo lives here. His room at his last place was a tip of washed and 
unwashed clothes (no system) and paperwork that was probably 
confidential, but here, every object has a purpose. The flat is tiny, 
but I don’t notice it nearly as much as I did the first time I saw the 
place - somehow Gerty’s drawn attention away from the low 
ceilings and towards the enormous windows, which fill the kitchen- 
diner with soft summer sunlight. And it’s so clean. I have new 
respect for Gerty and what she can achieve through sheer 
willpower, or possibly bullying. 

I hand her the coffee. She gives it a sip, then nods in approval. I do 
a little fist pump, officially becoming a less odious human being 
than the man who wants to build a wall between Mexico and the 
US. 

‘Letter,’ she says, stretching out her free hand. 

Not one for small talk, Gerty. I rifle through my bag and pass it 
over, and she immediately heads off to read, picking up her glasses 
from the side table by the front door where, unbelievably, she never 
seems to forget to put them. 

I fidget. I pace a bit. I mess up the order of the pile of books on the 
end of their dining table, just for the thrill of it. 


‘Go away,’ she says, not even raising her voice. ‘You are distracting 
me. Mo is at the coffee place on the corner that does inferior coffee. 
He will entertain you.’ 

‘Right. Fine. So... you’re reading it though? What do you think?’ 

She doesn’t answer. I roll my eyes, and then scarper in case she 
noticed. 

I’ve not even made it to the coffee shop before my phone rings. It’s 
Gerty. 

‘You might as well come back,’ she says. 

‘Oh?’ 

‘The trial transcript will take forty-eight hours to get to me even 
with the express service. I can’t tell you anything useful until I’ve 
read that.’ 

I’m smiling. ‘You’re applying for the trial transcript?’ 

‘Men often have very convincing stories of their innocence, Tiffy, 
and I would recommend against believing their summaries of their 
court cases. They are, obviously, extremely biased, and also do not 
tend to be well versed in the intricacies of the law.’ 

I’m still smiling. ‘You’re applying for the trial transcript, though.’ 

‘Don’t get anyone’s hopes up,’ Gerty says, and her voice is serious 
now. ‘I mean it, Tiffy. I’m just going to read up on it. Don’t tell this 
man anything, please. It would be cruel to give him unfounded 
hope.’ 

‘I know,’ I say, smile dropping. ‘I won’t. And thanks.’ 

“You're welcome. The coffee was excellent. Now get back here - if I 
must be up this early on a Saturday, I would at least like to be 


entertained.’ 


18 


Leon 


On the way to meet Johnny White the First. It’s very early — four- 
hour journey there, then three buses to get from Johnny White the 
First’s place to HMP Groundsworth, where I have a 3 p.m. visit with 
Richie. Legs stiff from train seats with limited leg room; back 
sweaty from carriages without air conditioning. As I roll up shirt 
sleeves further, discover old Post-it note from Tiffy stuck in the cuff. 
Something from last month about what the strange man in Flat 5 
does at 7 am. Hmm. Embarrassing. Must check clothes for notes 
before leaving the flat. 

Greeton, home of Johnny White, is a surprisingly pretty little 
town, stretched out flat on the matt green fields of the Midlands. 
Walk from bus station to JW’s address. Have emailed him a couple 
of times, but am not sure what to expect in person. 

When I arrive, a very large and intimidating Johnny White barks 
at me to come in; I find myself immediately obeying and following 
him through to sparsely furnished living room. Only distinctive 


feature is piano in corner. It’s uncovered and looks well treated. 

Me: You play? 

JW the First: I was a concert pianist in my day. I don’t play so 
much now, but I Keep the old girl in here. It doesn’t feel like home 
without her. 

I’m delighted. It’s perfect. Concert pianist! World’s coolest 
profession! And no pictures anywhere of wife or children - 
excellent. 

JW the First offers me tea; what appears is a thick, chipped mug of 
builder’s brew. It reminds me of tea at Mam’s. A strange moment of 
homesickness follows — must go and see her more. 

JW the First and I settle on sofa and armchair, opposite one 
another. Suddenly realising this is a potentially difficult subject to 
broach. Did you have a love affair with a man in World War Two? Is 
perhaps not something this man wants to talk about with stranger 
from London. 

JW the First: So, what was it you were after, exactly? 

Me: I was wondering. Umm. 

Clear throat. 

Me: You served in the army in World War Two, yes? 

JW the First: Two years, with a short break for them to dig a bullet 
out of my stomach. 

Find myself staring at his stomach. JW the First flashes 
surprisingly dynamic grin at me. 

JW the First: You’re thinking they must have had a job finding it, 
aren’t you? 


Me: No! I was thinking there are lots of vital organs in the stomach 


area. 

JW the First, chuckling: German buggers missed those, lucky for 
me. Anyway, I was more worried about my hands than my stomach. 
You can play the piano without a spleen, but you can’t play the 
piano if frostbite’s eaten your fingers off. 

Gaze at JW the First in awe and horror. He chuckles again. 

JW the First: Ah, you don’t want my old war horror stories. Did 
you say you're looking into your family history? 

Me: Not mine. A friend’s. Robert Prior. He served in the same regi- 
ment as you, though I’m not sure it was exactly at the same time. 
Do you happen to remember him? 

JW the First thinks hard. Scrunches up nose. Tilts head. 

JW the First: No. Doesn’t ring any bells. Sorry. 

Eh, was long shot. One down, though, still seven on list to go. 

Me: Thanks, Mr White. I won’t take more of your time. Just one 
question — have you ever married? 

JW the First, gruffer than ever: No. My Sally died in an air raid 
back in forty-one, and that was that for me. I never found anyone 
like my Sally. 

I almost get teary at that. Richie would laugh at me - he always 
calls me a hopeless romantic. Or ruder things to that effect. 

Kay, on other end of phone: Honestly, Leon. I think if you had your 
way, all of your friends would be over the age of eighty. 

Me: He was an interesting man, is all. I enjoyed speaking to him. 
And - concert pianist! World’s coolest profession, no? 

Amused silence from Kay. 


Me: Still seven to go, though. 

Kay: Seven what? 

Me: Seven Johnny Whites. 

Kay: Oh, yeah. 

She pauses. 

Kay: Are you going to be spending all your weekends traipsing 
across Britain trying to find an old man’s boyfriend, Leon? 

I pause this time. Had sort of planned on doing that, yes. When 
else am I going to find Mr Prior’s Johnny? Can’t do it during 
working week. 

Me, tentatively: ... No? 

Kay: Good. Because I see you rarely enough as it is, with all your 
visits and your shifts. You do see that, don’t you? 

Me: Yes. Sorry. l'm— 

Kay: Yep, yep, I know, you care about your job, Richie needs you. I 
do know all that. I’m not trying to be difficult, Leon. I just feel like . 
. . it should bother you more. As much as it bothers me. The not 
seeing each other. 

Me: It bothers me! But I saw you this morning? 

Kay: For about half an hour, for a very rushed breakfast. 

Flash of irritation. Gave up half an hour of three-hour power nap 
to allow for breakfast with Kay. Deep breath. Notice where we are 
out of window. 

Me: Got to go. I’m pulling into the prison. 

Kay: Fine. Let’s talk later. Will you text me what train you get? 

I don’t like this - the checking-up, the texting about trains, always 
knowing where the other person will be. But . . . it’s unreasonable 


of me. Can’t object. Kay already thinks I’m a commitment-phobe. 
It’s a favourite term of hers at the moment. 

Me: Will do. 

But I don’t, in the end. Mean to, but don’t. It’s the worst argument 


we've had in ages. 


19 


Tiffy 


‘It’s the perfect venue for you, Katherin, Martin gushes, spreading 
the photos out on the table. 

I smile encouragingly. Though initially I thought the whole 
enormous-venue thing was ridiculous, I’m starting to come around 
to it. Twenty different YouTube videos have been made by various 
Internet celebrities sporting outfits they claimed to have crocheted 
themselves from Katherin’s instructions. After a tense unscheduled 
meeting with the MD in which the head of PR did a quite 
convincing job of pretending to know what this book was, let alone 
have budget allocated for it, the whole Butterfingers office is now 
up to speed and abuzz with excitement. Everyone seems to have 
forgotten that last week they didn’t give a crap about crochet; 
yesterday I heard the sales director declare she’d ‘always suspected 
this book would be a winner’. 

Katherin is perplexed by all of this, particularly the Tasha Chai- 
Latte thing. At first she reacted as literally everyone does when they 


see some random person making tons of money on YouTube (‘I 
could do that!’ she announced. I told her to start by investing in a 
smartphone. Baby steps.) Now she’s just irritated at Martin having 
taken control of her Twitter account (‘She can’t be trusted with this! 
We need to maintain control!’ Martin was yelling at Ruby this 
morning). 

‘So, what is a proper book launch?’ Katherin asks. ‘I mean, 
normally I just potter around drinking the wine and chatting to any 
old lady who bothers to turn up. But how do you do it when there 
are all these people?’ She gestures to the photo of a gigantic 
Islington hall. 

‘Ah, now, Katherin,’ Martin says, ‘I’m glad you asked. Tiffy and I 
are going to take you along to one of our other big book launches in 
two weeks’ time. Just so you can see how these things are done.’ 

‘Are there free drinks?’ Katherin asks, perking up. 

‘Oh, absolutely, tons of free drinks,’ Martin says, having previously 
told me that there won’t be any at all. 

I glance at my watch as Martin returns to the task of selling the 
enormous venue to Katherin. Katherin is very worried about the 
people at the back not being able to see. I, on the other hand, am 
very wotried about getting to Leon’s hospice on time. 

It’s the evening of our visit. Leon will be there, which means 
tonight, after five and a half months of living together, he and I will 
finally meet. 

I’m oddly nervous. I changed my clothes three times this morning, 
which is unusual - normally I can’t imagine the day looking any 


other way once I’ve got an outfit on. Now I’m not sure I’ve got it 


right. I’ve toned down the lemon-yellow pouf dress with a denim 
jacket, leggings, and my lily boots, but I’m still dressed in 
something a sixteen-year-old girl would wear to prom. There’s just 
something fundamentally try-hard about tulle. 

‘Don’t you think we should be heading over now?’ I say, 
interrupting Martin mid bullshit. I want to get to the hospice in 
time to find Leon and say thanks before we start. I’d rather he didn’t 
walk in Justin-style, just as Katherin’s sticking pins into me. 

Martin glares at me, turning his head so Katherin won’t see quite 
how vicious a look he is shooting in my direction. She of course 
spots it anyway, and cheers up at the sight, chuckling into her 
coffee cup. She was grumpy with me when I got here because Id 
(clearly) ignored her instruction to wear ‘neutral clothing’ again. My 
excuse that wearing beige sucks the life out of me did not fly. “We 
all have to make sacrifices for our art, Tiffy” she said, waggling a 
finger. I did point out that this isn’t actually my art, it’s hers, but she 
looked so wounded I gave up and said I’d compromise by taking out 
the poufy underskirt. 

It’s good to see our mutual dislike of Martin has united us again. 

x 
I’m not sure why I think I know what a hospice will look like - I’ve 
never been to one before. This one ticks a few of my boxes, even so: 
lino floors in halls, medical equipment spouting wires and tubes, 
poor quality art in wonky frames on the walls. But there’s a 
friendlier atmosphere than I expected. Everyone seems to know 
each other: doctors make sardonic comments as they cross paths in 


the corridor, patients chuckle wheezily to their ward-mates, and at 


one point I hear a nurse arguing quite passionately with an elderly 
Yorkshireman about which flavour of rice pudding is best on 
tonight’s dinner menu. 

The receptionist leads us down the bewildering maze of corridors 
to a sort of living area. There’s a rickety plastic table where we’re to 
set up, plus lots of uncomfortable-looking seating and a television 
like the one in my parents’ house - it’s blocky and enormous at the 
back, like they’re stashing all the extra shopping channels in there. 

We dump the bags of wool and crochet hooks. A few of the more 
mobile patients drift into the room. Evidently word of our crochet 
show has spread, probably via the nurses and doctors, who seem to 
be running in totally random directions at all times, like pinballs. 
It’s fifteen minutes until we start, though — plenty of time for me to 
track Leon down and say hello. 

‘Excuse me,’ I say to a nurse whose pinball path has briefly crossed 
the living area, ‘is Leon here yet?’ 

‘Leon?’ she asks, looking at me distractedly. ‘Yeah. He’s here. You 
need him?’ 

‘Oh, no, don’t worry,’ I say. ‘It’s not, you know, medical. I was just 
going to say hi and thanks for letting us do this.’ I wave an arm in 
the direction of Martin and Katherin, who are untangling wool with 
varying degrees of enthusiasm. 

The nurse perks up and focuses on me properly. ‘Are you Tiffy? 

‘Umm. Yes?’ 

‘Oh! Hi. Wow, hello. If you want to see him, he’ll be in Dorsal 
Ward, I think — follow the signs.’ 

‘Thanks so much,’ I say as she scurries off again. 


Dorsal Ward. OK. I check the sign fixed to the wall: left, 
apparently. Then right. Then left, left, right, left, right, right - 
bloody hell. This place goes on for ever. 

‘Excuse me,’ I ask, snagging a passing person in scrubs, ‘am I on 
track to get to Dorsal Ward?’ 

‘Sure are,’ he says, without slowing. Hmm. I’m not sure how much 
he engaged with that question. I guess if you work here you get 
really sick of visitors asking for directions. I stare at the next sign: 
Dorsal Ward has now disappeared altogether. 

The guy in scrubs pops up beside me, having backtracked down 
the corridor again. I jump. 

‘Sorry, you’re not Tiffy, are you?’ he says. 

“Yes? Hi?’ 

‘Really! Damn.’ He looks me up and down quite blatantly, and then 
realises what he’s doing and pulls a face. ‘God, sorry, it’s just none 
of us quite believed it. Leon will be on Kelp Ward - take the next 
left.’ 

‘Believed what?’ I call after him, but he’s already gone, leaving a 
set of double doors swinging behind him. 

This is .. . weird. 

As I turn back I spot a male nurse with light-brown skin and dark 
hair, whose navy-blue scrubs look threadbare even from here - I’ve 
noticed how worn Leon’s scrubs are when they’re drying on the 
clothes horse. We make eye contact for a split second, but then he 
turns his head, checking the pager on his hip, and jogs off down the 
opposite corridor. He’s tall. It might have been him? We were too 
far apart to tell for sure. I walk more quickly to follow him, get 


slightly out of breath, then feel a bit stalkerish, and slow down 
again. Crap. I think I missed the turning to Kelp Ward. 

I take stock in the middle of the corridor. Without the tulle skirt 
my dress has deflated, clinging to the fabric of my leggings; I’m hot 
and flustered, and, let’s be honest, completely lost. 

The sign says next left for the Leisure Room, which is where I 
started. I sigh, checking the time. Only five minutes until our show 
should begin - I’d better get back in there. I'll track Leon down 
afterwards, hopefully without encountering any more slightly 
freaky strangers who know my name. 

There’s a sizeable crowd when I head back into the room; Katherin 
spots me with relief and kicks off the show right away. I dutifully 
follow her instructions, and, while Katherin enthusiastically extols 
the virtues of the closed stitch, I scan the room. The patients are a 
mix of elderly ladies and gentlemen, about two thirds of whom are 
in wheelchairs, and a few middle-aged ladies who look quite poorly 
but much more interested in what Katherin’s saying than anybody 
else is. There are three kids, too. One is a little girl whose hair is just 
growing back after chemo, I’m guessing. Her eyes are enormous and 
I notice them because she’s not staring at Katherin like everybody 
else is, she’s watching me, and beaming. 

I give her a little wave. Katherin slaps my hand. 

‘You’re a dreadful mannequin today!’ she scolds, and I’m brought 
back to the moment on the cruise ship in February, the last time 
Katherin was manhandling me into various uncomfortable 
positions in the name of crochet. For an instant, I can recall Justin’s 


expression exactly as it was when our eyes locked - not the way it 


looks in my memory, faded and changed with time, but as it 
actually was. A shiver goes through me. 

Katherin casts me a curious look, and I snap out of the memory 
with an effort, managing a reassuring smile. As I look up I see a tall, 
dark-haired man in scrubs push through a door into one of the 
other wards, and my heart jumps. But it’s not Leon. I’m almost glad. 
I’m unsettled, off-kilter - it’s somehow not the moment I want to 
meet him. 

‘Arms up, Tiffy! Katherin trills in my ear, and, with a shake of my 
head, I go back to doing as I’m told. 


20 


Leon 


Letter is crumpled in trouser pocket. Tiffy asked me to read it before 
I send it on to Richie. But haven’t, yet. It’s painful. Feel suddenly 
sure that she won’t understand. That she’ll say he’s a calculating 
criminal, just like the judge did. Say his excuses don’t add up, that 
given his character and his past he’s exactly what we should all 
have expected. 

I’m stressed, shoulders tense. Barely caught a glimpse, and yet 
can’t shake the feeling that red-headed woman at the other end of 
the corridor to Dorsal Ward might have been her. If it was, hope she 
didn’t think I ran off. Obviously, did run off. But still. Would rather 
she didn’t know it. 

Just . . . don’t want to face her before I’ve read the letter. 

So. Clearly, must read letter. In the meantime, might hide out on 
Kelp Ward to avoid unplanned mid-corridor encounters. 

Pass through reception en route and am accosted by June, who’s at 
the desk. 


June: Your friend has arrived! 

Only told a couple of people that this crochet event was organised 
by my flatmate. It has proven to be incredibly interesting gossip. 
Everyone seems insultingly surprised that I have a flatmate; 
apparently I look like a man who lives alone. 

Me: Thanks, June. 

June: She’s in the Leisure Room! 

Me: Thanks, June. 

June: She’s ever so pretty. 

Blink. Haven’t given Tiffy’s appearance much thought, aside from 
wondering whether she wears five dresses at once (would explain 
sheer quantity hanging in our wardrobe). Am briefly tempted to ask 
if she has red hair, but think better of it. 

June: Lovely girl. Really lovely. I’m so glad you’ve found such a 
lovely girl to live with. 

I stare suspiciously at June. She beams back at me. Wonder who 
she’s been talking to - Holly? That girl has become obsessed with 
Tiffy. 

Do odd jobs on Kelp Ward. Take unprecedented coffee break. Can’t 
put this off any longer. Not even any seriously unwell patients to 
keep me busy - I’ve got nothing to do but read this letter. 

Unfold it. Look away, heart twisting. This is ridiculous. Why does it 
even matter? 

Right. Looking at letter. Confronting letter, like adult faced with 
opinion of another adult who has asked them to read something 
and whose opinion shouldn’t even matter. 


Does matter, though. Should be honest with myself: I like having 


Tiffy’s notes to come home to, and I'll be sad to lose her if she is 
cruel to Richie. Not that she will be. But .. . that’s what I’ve thought 
before. Never know how people will react until you see it. 


Dear Richie, 

Thanks so much for your letter. It made me cry, which puts you in the same 
category as Me Before You, my ex-boyfriend, and onions. So that’s kind 
of impressive. (What I’m saying is, I’m not a willy-nilly crier — it takes 
some serious emotional turmoil or weird vegetable enzymes to get me 
weepy.) 

I can’t believe how shit this is. I mean, you know things like this happen, 
but I guess it’s hard to relate to until you hear the full story from 
someone’s own mouth/pen. You didn’t tell me anything about what it felt 
like being in that courtroom, what prison has been like for you... so I can 
imagine the parts you’ve left out would make me cry even more. 

But it’s no use me just telling you how shit this is (you already know that) 
and how sorry I am (you probably get that a lot from people). I was 
thinking that before I wrote this letter, and feeling pretty useless. I can’t 
just write to you and say ‘sorry, this is shit for you’, I thought. So I rang my 
best friend Gerty. 

Gerty is a superb human being in the least obvious way. She’s mean to 
pretty much everyone, totally obsessive about her work, and if you cross 
her she'll cut you out of her life completely. But she is deeply principled in 
her way, and very good to her friends, and values honesty above all else. 

She also happens to be a barrister. And, if her ridiculously successful 
career is anything to go by, a bloody good one. 

I'll be honest: she looked at the letter as a favour to me. But she read the 
transcript of your trial for her own interest, and — I think — for you, too. 


She’s not saying she’s taking on your case (you'll see that from her note, 
enclosed), but she has a few questions she’d like answered. Feel free to 
totally ignore this — you probably have an awesome lawyer who has 
already looked into this stuff. I mean, maybe getting Gerty involved was 
more about me than you, because I wanted to feel like I was doing 
something. So feel free to tell me to piss off. 

But if you do want to write back to Gerty, send something in your next 
letter to Leon, and we'll get it over to her. And maybe . . . don’t mention it 
to your lawyer. I don’t know how lawyers feel about you talking to other 
lawyers — is it like adultery? 

Tons of stamps enclosed (another victim of the ‘wanting to help’ impulse 
I’m struggling with here). 

Yours, 


Tiffy 


Dear Mr Twomey, 

My name is Gertrude Constantine. I suspect Tiffany will have given me 
some sort of grandiose introduction in her letter, so I shall skip the 
pleasantries. 

Please let me be clear: this is not an offer of representation. This is an 
informal letter, not a legal consultation. If I offer advice, it is as a friend of 
Tiffany’s. 

e It appears from the trial transcript that the friends with whom you 
visited Daffie’s, the nightclub in Clapham, were not called as witnesses 
by either prosecution or defence. Please confirm. 

e ‘The Bloods’ are not mentioned by you or any other person in the trial 
transcript. I presume from your letter that you only became aware of 


this gang’s chosen name while in prison. Can you confirm which 
information led you to believe that the group you saw at the nightclub, 
and the man who assaulted you in the toilets, were members of this 
gang? 

e Did you report the assault in the nightclub toilets? 

e The bouncers at the nightclub gave evidence that the gang (as we shall 
refer to them) left the club soon after you did. They were not questioned 
further. From where they stood, might they have been able to indicate 
whether you and the gang were travelling in the same or a similar 
direction? 

e It appears that the jury made their decision on the basis of only one 
segment of CCTV footage, filmed from within the establishment. Was 
CCTV from Clapham Road, Aldi car park and the adjacent launderette 
requested by your legal representative? 

Yours faithfully, 

Gertrude Constantine 


21 


Tiffy 


When it comes to the part where we take crochet hooks and wool 
out to the crowd, I head towards the little girl who was staring at 
me earlier. She grins as I approach, all big front teeth and 
cheekiness. 

‘Hello,’ she says. ‘Are you Tiffy? 

I stare at her, and then duck down to the level of her wheelchair, 
because looming feels weird. ‘Yeah! People keep asking me that 
today. How did you guess?’ 

‘You are pretty!’ she says gleefully. ‘Are you nice as well?’ 

‘Oh, I’m horrible, actually,’ I tell her. “Why did you think I might 
be Tiffy? And’ - as an afterthought - ‘pretty?’ 

‘They said your name at the beginning,’ she points out. Oh, right, 
of course. Though that doesn’t explain all the creepy nurses. “You’re 
not really horrible. I think you’re nice. It was nice of you to let that 
lady measure your legs.’ 


‘It was, wasn’t it?’ I say. ‘I think that particular act of niceness has 


gone quite underappreciated up until this point, actually, so thank 
you. Do you want to learn how to crochet?’ 

‘No,’ she says. 

I laugh. At least she’s honest, unlike the man behind her, who is 
valiantly having a go at making a slip knot under Katherin’s 
supervision. ‘What do you want to do, then?’ 

‘I want to talk to you about Leon,’ she says. 

‘Ah! You know Leon!’ 

Tm his favourite patient.’ 

I smile. ‘I bet. So he’s mentioned me, has he?’ 

‘Not very much,’ she says. 

‘Oh. Right. Well—’ 

‘But I told him I'd find out if you were pretty.’ 

‘Did you now! Did he ask you to do that?’ 

She thinks about it. ‘No. But I think he wanted to know.’ 

‘I don’t think he does... I realise I don’t know her name. 

‘Holly,’ she says. ‘Like the Christmas plant.’ 

‘Well, Holly, me and Leon are just friends. Friends don’t need to 
know if friends are pretty.’ 

Suddenly Martin is right at my shoulder. ‘Can you pose with her?’ 
he mutters in my ear. God, that man knows how to creep up on you. 
He should wear a bell, like cats that eat birds. 

‘Pose? With Holly?’ 

‘The leukaemia girl, yeah,’ Martin says. ‘For the press release.’ 

‘I can hear you, you know,’ Holly declares loudly. 

Martin has just enough decency to look embarrassed. ‘Hello,’ he 


says in a stilted sort of way. ‘?’m Martin.’ 


Holly shrugs. ‘All right, Martin. My mum hasn’t given permission 
for you to take my photo. I don’t want my photo taken. People 
always feel sorry for me because I don’t have very much hair and I 
look sick.’ 

I can see Martin thinking that that was pretty much the idea. I am 
overcome by a sudden but not unprecedented urge to punch him, 
or at least kick him in the shins. Maybe I could stumble over Holly’s 
wheelchair and make it look like an accident. 

‘Fine,’ Martin mutters, already off in Katherin’s direction, no doubt 
hoping that she’s located a similarly cute patient with fewer qualms 
about being plastered all over the Internet in order to further 
Martin’s career. 

‘He’s horrible,’ Holly says matter-of-factly. 

‘Yes,’ I say, without really thinking. ‘He is, isn’t he?’ I check my 
watch; we finish up in ten minutes. 

‘Do you want to go and find Leon?’ Holly asks, looking at me 
rather cannily. 

I glance over at Katherin and Martin. I mean, my work as a model 
is done, and I’m not even any good at crocheting, let alone teaching 
other people to do it. It’Il take them ages to get all this wool cleared 
up, and it would be quite nice not to be here for that bit. 

I tap out a quick text to Katherin. I’m just heading off to find my 
flatmate to say thanks for organising. I'll be back in time to tidy up xx (I 
definitely won't.) 

‘That way, Holly says, and then, when I totally fail to push her 
wheelchair, she laughs and points to the brake. ‘Everyone knows you 
have to take the brake off’ 


‘I just thought you were really heavy,’ I tell her. 

Holly giggles. ‘Leon will be in Coral Ward. Don’t follow the signs, 
they take you the long way. Turn left!’ 

I do as I’m told. ‘You really know your way around this place, don’t 
you?’ I say, after being directed down a dozen corridors and, at one 
point, through an actual closet. 

Tve been here seven months,’ Holly says. ‘And I’m friends with Mr 
Robbie Prior. He’s on Coral Ward and he was very important in one 
of the wars.’ 

‘Mr Prior! Does he knit?’ 

‘All the time,’ Holly says. 

Excellent! I’m on my way to meet my life-saving knitter and my 
note-writing flatmate. I wonder if Leon will talk the way he writes, 
all short sentences and no pronouns. 

‘Hey, Doctor Patel!’ Holly yells suddenly at a passing doctor. “This is 
Tiffy!’ 

Dr Patel pauses, lowers her glasses down her nose, then flashes me 
a smile. ‘Well I never,’ is all she says, before disappearing into the 
nearest patient’s room. 

‘OK, Miss Holly,’ I say, spinning the wheelchair so we’re facing 
each other. ‘What is going on? Why does everyone here know my 
name? And why do they seem so surprised to see me?’ 

Holly looks mischievous. ‘Nobody believes you’re real,’ she says. ‘I 
told everyone Leon is living with a girl and he writes her notes and 
she makes him laugh and nobody believed me. They all said Leon 


kd 


couldn’t .. . she scrunches up her nose *. . . tolerate a flatmate. I 


think that means he wouldn’t want one because he’s so quiet. They 


don’t know, though, that actually he saves all his talking up for the 
really good people, like me and you.’ 

‘Seriously?’ I shake my head, grinning, and set off down the 
corridor again. It’s funny hearing about Leon from someone else. So 
far my only point of reference has been Kay, who hardly ever pops 
around these days. 

With Holly’s instructions, we finally reach Coral Ward. She looks 
around, bracing herself on the arms of her chair to get a better look. 
‘Where’s Mr Prior?’ she calls. 

An elderly gentleman in a chair over by the window turns and 
smiles at Holly, his face a mass of deep wrinkles. ‘Hello, Holly.’ 

‘Mr Prior! This is Tiffy. She’s pretty, isn’t she?’ 

‘Ah, Ms Moore,’ Mr Prior says, attempting to stand and holding out 
his hand. ‘What a pleasure.’ 

I scuttle over, desperate for him to sit down in his chair again. It 
looks like unfolding himself out of that position would not be wise. 
‘It’s such an honour to meet you, Mr Prior! I have to tell you, I adore 
your work - and I can’t thank you enough for crocheting all those 
scarves and hats for Katherin’s book.’ 

‘Oh, I enjoyed it very much. I would have come to your 
demonstration, but’ — he pats his chest absently - ‘I wasn’t feeling 
quite up to it, I’m afraid,’ 

‘Oh, that’s all right,’ I say. ‘It’s not like you need the lesson.’ I 
pause. ‘I don’t suppose you’ve seen...’ 

Mr Prior smiles. ‘Leon?’ 

‘Well, yeah. I just wanted to track him down to say hi.’ 

‘Mmm,’ Mr Prior says. “You'll find our Leon is somewhat tricky to 


pin down. In fact, he just slipped out. I think someone tipped him 
off that you were coming.’ 

‘Oh.’ I look down, embarrassed. I didn’t mean to hound him 
around the hospital. Justin always said I never knew when to let 
something drop. ‘If he doesn’t want to see me, I should probably .. > 

Mr Prior waves a hand. “You mistake me, my dear,’ he says. ‘It isn’t 
that at all. ’'d say Leon is rather nervous about meeting you.’ 

‘Why would he be nervous?’ I ask, as if ve not been nervous all 
day. 

‘I couldn’t say for sure,’ Mr Prior says, ‘but Leon doesn’t like 
things .. . changing. I’d say he very much enjoys living with you, Ms 
Moore, and I do wonder if he doesn’t want to ruin it.’ He pauses. ‘I 
would suggest that if you want to introduce a change into Leon’s 
routine, you’re better off doing it very quickly, and all at once, so he 
has no means of dodging it.’ 

‘Like a surprise,’ Holly says solemnly. 

‘Right,’ I say. ‘Well. Anyway, it was great to meet you, Mr Prior.’ 

‘One more thing, Ms Moore,’ Mr Prior says. ‘Leon was looking a 
little emotional. And holding a letter. I don’t suppose you’d know 
anything about that, would you?’ 

‘Oh, God, I hope I didn’t say the wrong thing,’ I say, desperately 
trying to remember what Id put in that letter to Richie. 

‘No, no, he wasn’t upset. Just in a spin.’ Mr Prior takes his glasses 
off and rubs them against his shirt with shaky, gnarled fingers. ‘I 
would say, at a guess, that he was rather...’ the glasses go back on 
his nose ‘. . . surprised.’ 


22 


Leon 


It’s too much. I’m shaking. This is the most hope I have felt in 
months, and I’ve forgotten how to handle this emotion - insides 
have gone wobbly and skin has turned all cold and hot at same 
time. Heartrate has been raised for a good hour now. Can’t slow 
down. 

I should go and thank Tiffy in person. She’s trying to find me and I 
keep hiding which is clearly childish and ridiculous. Am just feeling 
very odd about this. Like if we meet, everything will be different, 
and there will be no going back to how it was. And I like how it was. 
Is. 

Me: June, where’s Tiffy? 

June: Your lovely flatmate? 

Me, patiently: Yes. Tiffy. 

June: Leon, it’s almost one in the morning. She left after the show. 

Me: Oh. Did she... leave a note? Or anything? 

June: Sorry, love. She was trying to find you, though, if that’s any 


consolation. 

It isn’t. And no note, either. Feel like a fool. I’ve missed the chance 
to say thank you; probably upset her, too. Don’t like that thought. 
But — still buzzing about the letter, and it buoys me through the rest 
of the night with only the occasional crushing memory of dodging 
down corridors to avoid social interaction (extreme antisocialness, 
even for me. Wince at the thought of what Richie will say). 

At the end of my shift I leave at a jog and head for the bus stop. 
Call Kay as soon as I’m out the door. Cannot wait to tell her about 
the letter, the criminal lawyer friend, the list of questions. 

Kay is unusually quiet. 

Me: This is amazing, no? 

Kay: This lawyer’s not actually done anything, Leon. She’s not 
taking on the case — or even saying she believes Richie is innocent, 
really. 

Almost stumble, like someone has physically put out hand to stop 
me. 

Me: It’s something, though. There’s not been something for so long. 

Kay: And I thought you weren’t ever going to meet Tiffy. That was 
the first rule we set when I agreed to this flatshare. 

Me: What . . . ever? Can’t meet her ever? She’s my flatmate. 

Kay: Don’t make out like I’m being unreasonable. 

Me: Didn’t realise you meant . . . Eh, this is silly. I didn’t meet her, 
anyway. I called to tell you Richie news. 

Another long silence. I frown, walking slower now. 

Kay: I wish you’d come to terms with Richie’s situation, Leon. It’s 
draining so much of your energy, all of this — it’s changed you these 


last few months. I think the healthiest thing - if I’m honest — is to 
reach acceptance. And I’m sure you will, it’s just... it’s been a 
while. And it’s really putting a strain on you. On us. 

Don’t understand. Did she not hear? It’s not like I’m saying same 
old things, hanging on to same old hopes - I’m saying, there is new 
hope. There are new things. 

Me: What are you suggesting? We just give up? But there’s new 
evidence to get, now that we know what to look for! 

Kay: You’re not a lawyer, Leon. And Sal is a lawyer, and you’ve said 
yourself that he did his best, and I personally think it’s not right for 
this woman to be interfering and giving you and Richie hope when 
the case was so open and shut. The jury all thought he was guilty, 
Leon. 

Coldness growing low down in stomach. Heartrate ups again, and 
for all the wrong reasons this time. I’m getting angry. That feeling 
again, the trapped hateful rage at hearing someone you try so hard 
to love saying the worst things. 

Me: What is this, Kay? I can’t figure out what you want from me. 

Kay: I want you back. 

Me: What? 

Kay: I want you back, Leon. Present. In your life. With me. It’s like . 
. . you’ve stopped seeing me. You drift in and out and spend your 
spare time here, but you’re not really with me. You’re always with 
Richie. You always care about Richie - more than you care about 
me. 

Me: Of course I care more about Richie. 

The pause is like silence after a gunshot. I slap hand to mouth. 


Didn’t mean to say it; don’t know where it came from. 

Me: I don’t mean it like that. I don’t mean that. Just . . . Richie 
needs more of my... care right now. He has nobody. 

Kay: Do you have any of your care left for anyone else? For you? 

She means, for me? 

Kay: Please. Actually think about it. Actually think about you and 
me. 

She’s crying now. I feel wretched, but that roaring hot-—cold 
sensation deep in my stomach is still burning. 

Me: You still think he’s guilty, don’t you? 

Kay: Damn it, Leon, I’m trying to talk about us, not about your 
brother. 

Me: I need to know. 

Kay: Can’t you just listen to me? I’m saying this is the only way 
you can heal. You can carry on believing he didn’t do it if you like, 
but you need to accept that he is in prison and will be for a good 
few years. You can’t Keep fighting. It’s pulling your life apart. All you 
do is work and write to Richie and fixate on things, whether it’s 
some old guy’s boyfriend or the latest detail in Richie’s appeal. You 
used to do stuff. Go out. Spend time with me. 

Me: I’ve never had much spare time, Kay. What I have has always 
been for you. 

Kay: You go to see him every other weekend these days. 

Is she really angry at me for visiting my brother in prison? 

Kay: I know I can’t be mad at you for that. I know that. But I just . . 
. What I mean is, you have so little time, and now I feel I get an 


even smaller fraction of it, and... 


Me: Do you still think Richie is guilty? 

There is silence. I think I’m crying now too; there’s a hot wetness 
on my cheeks as yet another bus speeds by, and I can’t bear to get 
on. 

Kay: Why does it always come back to this? Why does it matter? 
Our relationship shouldn’t have this much of your brother in it. 

Me: Richie is part of me. We’re family. 

Kay: Well, we’re partners. Doesn’t that mean anything? 

Me: You know I love you. 

Kay: Funny. I’m not sure I do know that. 

Silence stretches on. Traffic speeds by. Scuff my feet, looking down 
at the sun-scorched pavement, feeling unreal. 

Me: Just say it. 

She waits. I wait. Another bus waits, then drives on. 

Kay: I think Richie did it, Leon. It’s what the jury decided, and they 
had all the information. It’s the sort of thing he’d do. 

Close my eyes slowly. It doesn’t feel like I expected it to - it’s 
strange, but it’s almost a relief. Have been hearing her say it in 
silence for months, ever since The Argument. This is an end to the 
endless twisting in the gut, the endless waiting on the edges of 
conversations, the endless knowing but trying not to know. 

Kay is sobbing. I listen, eyes still closed, and it’s like I’m floating. 

Kay: This is it, isn’t it? 

It’s obvious, all at once. This is it. Can’t do this any more. Can’t 
have this eating away at my love for Richie, can’t be with a person 
who doesn’t love him too. 

Me: Yes. This is it. 


23 


Tiffy 


The day after my visit to the hospice, I come home to the longest 
and most incoherent note I’ve ever had from Leon, laid on the 


kitchen counter beside an uneaten plate of spaghetti. 


Hi Tiffy, 
Am a bit all over the place but thank you so much for note for Richie. Can’t 
thank you enough. Definitely need all help we can get. He will be thrilled. 
Sorry I didn’t find you at work. Was my fault completely — left it too late 
to come and find you, wanted to read your letter to Richie first like you’d 
asked but took me ages, then just messed up and left it too late, always 
takes me a while to process things — sorry, am just going to go to bed, if 
that’s all right, see you later x 


I stare at it for a while. Well, at least he didn’t avoid me all night 
because he didn’t want to see me. But . . . uneaten dinner? All these 
long sentences? What does it mean? 

I lay a Post-it beside his note, sticking it carefully to the 


countertop. 


Hey Leon, 
Are you all right?! I'll make tiffin, just in case. 


Tiffy xx 


The unusual wordiness of Leon’s letter is very much a one-off. For 
the next two weeks his notes are even more monosyllabic and 
lacking in personal pronouns than usual. I don’t want to push it, 
but something has clearly upset him. Are he and Kay fighting? She’s 
not been around, and he hasn’t mentioned her for weeks. I don’t 
know how to help when he won’t tell me, though, so I just bake a 
bit too much and don’t complain that he’s not been cleaning the 
flat properly. Yesterday his coffee mug wasn’t on the left of the sink 
or the right — it was still in the cupboard, and he must have gone to 
work without any caffeine at all. 

In a flash of inspiration I leave Leon the next manuscript from my 
bricklayer-turned-designer, the one who wrote Built. Book two - 
Skyscraping — is maybe even better, and I’m hoping it’ll cheer him 
up. 

I come home to this note on top of the ring-bound manuscript: 


This man. What a guy! 
Thanks, Tiffy. Sorry the flat’s a bit of a mess. Will clean soon, promise. 
Leon x 


I’m counting that exclamation mark as a major sign of 


improvement. 


It’s the day of our trial book launch, the one we're taking Katherin 
to so PR can persuade her that a huge launch is exactly what she’s 
always wanted. 

‘No tights,’ Rachel says decisively. ‘It’s August, for God’s sake.’ 

We're getting ready together in the office loos. Every so often 
someone comes in to pee and lets out a little yelp as they see that 
the room has been transformed into a dressing room. Both our 
make-up bags are emptied across the sinks; the air is clouded with 
perfume and hairspray. We each have three outfit choices hung up 
along the mirrors, plus the ones we’re now wearing (our final 
choices: Rachel is in a lime green silk wraparound dress, and I’m in 
a tea dress covered in enormous prints of Alice in Wonderland - I 
found the fabric in a Stockwell charity shop and bribed one of my 
most obliging freelancers to make it into a dress for me). 

I wriggle around and whip my tights off. Rachel nods in approval. 

‘Better. More leg is good.’ 

“You'd have me dressed in a bikini if you had your way.’ 

She grins cheekily at me in the mirror as she dabs at her lipstick. 

‘Well, you might meet a handsome young Nordic man,’ she says. 

Tonight is all about Forestry for the Ordinary Man, our woodwork 
editor’s latest acquisition. The author is a Norwegian hermit. It’s 
quite a big deal that he’s left his treehouse for long enough to come 
to London. Rachel and I are hoping that he has a complete 
meltdown and turns on Martin, who is organising this event, and 
really should have taken the author’s hermit lifestyle as a sign that 
he probably doesn’t want to give a speech to a room full of 


woodwork fanatics. 


Tm not sure I’m ready for handsome young Nordic men. I don’t 
know.’ I find myself thinking back to what Mo said to me about 
Justin a few months ago, when ld rung him in a state about 
whether Justin would ever get in touch with me. ‘I’m struggling 
with being... ready to date. Even though Justin left ages ago.’ 

Rachel pauses mid dab to stare at me with concern. ‘Are you all 
right?’ 

‘I think so,’ I say. “Yeah, I think I’m fine.’ 

‘So it’s because of Justin?’ 

‘No, no, I don’t mean that. Maybe I just don’t need that in my life 
right now.’ I know that’s not true, but I say it anyway because 
Rachel is looking at me as if I’m ill. 

‘You do,’ Rachel tells me. ‘You’ve just not had sex for too long. 
You’ve forgotten how exceptional it is.’ 

‘I don’t think I’ve forgotten what sex is, Rachel. Isn’t it like, you 
know. Riding a bike?’ 

‘Similar,’ Rachel concedes, ‘but you’ve not been with a man since 
Justin, which ended, what, November last year? So that means it’s 
been more than .. ? She counts on her fingers. ‘Nine months.’ 

‘Nine months?’ Wow. That is a very long time. You can grow a whole 
baby in that time. Not that I am, obviously, because otherwise this 
tea dress would not fit. 

Unsettled, I apply blusher a bit too vigorously and end up looking 
sunburnt. Ugh. Ill have to start again. 

x 
Martin from PR may be a pain in the arse, but the man can put ona 


woodwork-themed party. We’re in a pub in Shoreditch with exposed 


beams looming low above us; there are piles of logs as centrepieces 
on every table, and the bar is decorated with pine branches. 

I look around, ostensibly trying to find Katherin, but really trying 
to locate the Norwegian author who hasn’t seen a human being in 
six months. I check the corners, where I suspect he will be 
cowering. 

Rachel drags me to the bar to find out once and for all if the drinks 
are free. They are for the first hour, apparently — we curse ourselves 
for arriving twenty minutes late and order gin and tonics. Rachel 
befriends the bartender by talking about football, which actually 
works a surprising amount of the time, despite being the most 
unoriginal topic to assume a man would be interested in. 

We obviously drink very quickly, that being the only reasonable 
reaction to a one-hour window for free drinks, so when Katherin 
arrives I give her an especially effusive hug. She looks pleased. 

‘This is a bit decadent,’ she says. ‘Will this man’s book pay for 
this?’ She is no doubt thinking of her previous royalty cheques. 

‘Oh, no,’ Rachel says airily, gesturing for a top-up from her new 
best friend and now fellow Arsenal fan (Rachel supports West Ham). 
‘Not likely. But you have to do this sort of thing occasionally 
otherwise everyone will just self-publish.’ 

‘Shhh,’ I hiss. I don’t want Katherin getting any ideas. 

Several gin and tonics later, Rachel and the bartender are more 
than friendly, and other people are really having trouble getting 
served. To my surprise, Katherin is in her element. Right now she’s 
laughing at something our head of PR has said, which I know is an 
act, because the head of PR is literally never funny. 


These events are perfect for people-watching. I swivel on my bar 
stool to get a better view of the room. There are indeed quite a lot 
of handsome Nordic men about. I consider the possibility of taking 
myself out into the room until someone obligingly introduces me to 
one of them, but I just can’t bring myself to do it. 

‘Kind of like watching ants, isn’t it?’ says someone from beside me. 
I turn; there’s a smartly dressed business type leaning against the 
bar to my left. He smiles ruefully at me. His light-brown hair is 
buzzed short, the same length as his stubble, and his eyes are a cute 
blue-grey with crinkles at the edges. “That sounded a lot worse out 
loud than in my head.’ 

I look back at the crowd. ‘I know what you mean,’ I say. “They all 
look so... busy. And purposeful.’ 

‘Except him,’ the man says, nodding to a guy in the opposite 
corner, who has just been abandoned by the young woman he was 
talking to. 

‘He’s a lost ant,’ I agree. ‘What do you reckon - is he our 
Norwegian hermit?’ 

‘Oh, I don’t know,’ the man says, giving him an appraising look. 
‘Not good-looking enough, I don’t think.’ 

‘Why, have you seen the author photo?’ I ask. 

‘Yep. Handsome guy. Dashing, some might say.’ 

I narrow my eyes at him. ‘It’s you, isn’t it? You’re the author.’ 

He smiles, and the crinkles in the corners of his eyes lengthen into 
tiny crow’s feet. ‘Guilty.’ 

‘You're very well dressed for a hermit,’ I say, a little accusingly. I 
feel misled. He doesn’t even have a Norwegian accent, damn it. 


‘If you’d read this,’ he says, waving one of the samplers that was 
available on our way in, ‘then you’d know that before I chose to live 
alone in Nordmarka, I was an investment banker in Oslo. I last wore 
this suit on the day I resigned.’ 

‘Really? What made you do it?’ 

He opens the sampler and begins to read. ‘Tired of the corporate toil, 
Ken had a revelation after a weekend spent hiking with an old school friend 
who now made his living in woodwork. Ken had always loved to use his 
hands’ — and now the look he gives me is definitely flirtatious — ‘and 
when he went back to his old friend’s workshop, he felt suddenly at home. It 
was clear within moments that he was an extraordinarily skilled 
woodworker.’ 

‘If only we always had a pre-written biography for meeting new 
people,’ I say, raising an eyebrow. ‘Makes it so much easier to brag.’ 

‘Give me yours, then,’ he says, snapping the sampler closed with a 
smile. 

‘My bio? Hmm. Let me see. Tiffy Moore escaped the smallness of her 
village upbringing for the great adventure that is London as soon as she 
could. There, she found the life she had always wanted: overpriced coffee, 
squalid accommodation, and an extraordinary lack of graduate jobs that 
didn’t involve spreadsheets.’ 

Ken laughs. “You’re good. Are you in PR too?’ 

‘Editorial,’ I tell him. ‘If I was in PR, I’d have to be out there with 
the ants.’ 

‘Well, Pm glad you're not,’ he says. ‘I prefer to be away from the 
crowd, but I don’t think I could have resisted saying hello to the 
beautiful woman in the Lewis Carroll dress.’ 


He gives me a look. A very intense look. My stomach flutters. But . 
.. I can do this. Why not? 

‘Do you want to get some air?’ I find myself saying. He nods, and I 
grab my jacket off the chair and head for the door to the pub 
garden. 

It’s a perfect summer evening. The air is still tinged with warmth 
even though the sun set hours ago; the pub has hung up strings of 
lightbulbs between the trees, and they cast a soft yellow glow across 
the garden. There are a few people out here, mainly smokers - they 
have that hunched look that smokers get, like the world is against 
them. Ken and I take a seat on a picnic bench. 

‘So, when you say “hermit”... I begin. 

‘Which I haven’t,’ Ken points out. 

‘Right. But what exactly does that involve?’ 

‘Living alone, somewhere secluded. Very few people.’ 

‘Very few?’ 

‘The odd friend, the grocery delivery woman.’ He shrugs. ‘It’s not 
as quiet as people make it out to be.’ 

‘The grocery delivery woman, eh?’ I give him a look this time. 

He laughs. ‘TIl admit, that’s one downside of solitude.’ 

‘Oh, please. You don’t need to live alone in a treehouse to not have 
any sex.’ 

I press my lips together. ’'m not entirely sure where that came 
from - possibly from the last gin and tonic — but Ken just smiles, a 
slow, really quite sexy smile, and then leans down to kiss me. 

As I close my eyes and lean in, I feel giddy on possibility. There’s 
nothing to stop me going home with this man, and it’s a sunlight- 


through-the-clouds moment - like something’s lifted. I can do 
whatever I want now. I’m free. 

And then, as the kiss deepens, with disorientating suddenness I 
remember something. 

Justin. ’'m crying. We’ve just had a fight and it was all my fault. 
Justin has gone cold, his back turned on me in our enormous white 
bed with all its trendy brushed cotton and endless pillows. 

I am deeply miserable. More miserable than I have remembered 
being before, and yet it doesn’t feel at all unfamiliar. Justin turns 
towards me, and suddenly, giddily, his hands are on me and we’re 
kissing. I’m muddled, lost. I’m so grateful he’s not angry with me 
any more. He knows just where to touch me. The misery hasn’t 
gone, it’s still there, but he wants me now, and the relief makes 
everything else seem small. 

Back here, in the garden in Shoreditch, Ken pulls back from the 
kiss. He’s smiling. I don’t think he can even tell that my skin has 
gone clammy and my heart is racing for all the wrong reasons. 

Fuck. Fuck. What the hell was that? 


AUGUST 


24 


Leon 


Richie: How are you feeling, man? 

How am I feeling? Untethered. Like something’s got dislodged 
somewhere in my chest and my body doesn’t function quite right 
any more. Like I’m alone. 

Me: Sad. 

Richie: You’ve not been in love with Kay for months, I’m telling 
you. I’m so glad you're out of that relationship, man — it was about 
habit, not about love. 

Wonder why the fact that Richie’s right doesn’t lessen the pain in 
any meaningful way. Miss Kay almost constantly. Like a nagging 
ache. It worsens every time I pick up the phone to call her, and then 
have nobody to call. 

Me: Anyway. Any news from Tiffy’s lawyer friend? 

Richie: Not yet. I can’t stop thinking about it. You know every 
single thing in her letter just made me go, ‘Oh, yeah, shit, why 
didn’t we think of that?’ 


Me: Same. 

Richie: You did pass on my reply? You made sure she got it? 

Me: Tiffy gave it to her. 

Richie: You’re sure? 

Me: I’m sure. 

Richie: OK. All right. Sorry. I’m just... 

Me: I know. Me too. 
For the last two weekends, have Airbnb’ed my way around UK on 
quest for Mr Prior’s boyfriend. It was an excellent distraction. Met 
two radically different Johnny Whites - one bitter, furious and 
alarmingly right wing, and the other living in a caravan and 
smoking weed out of the window as we discussed his life since the 
war. Has at least provided amusement for Tiffy — notes about Johnny 
Whites always get good response. Got this after describing trip to 
meet Johnny White the Third: 


If you’re not careful I'll commission you to write a book about this. 
Obviously in order for it to fit with my publishing list I’d have to introduce 
some element of DIY — could you learn a different craft from each Johnny, 
or something? You know, like, Johnny White the First spontaneously 
teaches you how to make a bookcase, and then there you are with Johnny 
White the Second and he’s making royal icing and you just happen to join 
in... Oh my God, is this the best idea I’ve ever had? Or maybe the worst? 
I absolutely cannot tell. xx 


Often think it must be very tiring, being Tiffy. Even in note form 
she seems to expend so much energy. Quite cheering to come home 


to, though. 

This weekend’s visit to Richie was cancelled - not enough prison 
staff. Will have been five weeks between visits. That’s too long for 
him, and, I’m realising, for me also. With Kay gone and Richie able 
to ring even less than usual - too few prison staff means more time 
banged up, less access to phones - I’m finding that even I can suffer 
from not talking enough. It’s not like there aren’t friends I can call. 
But they’re not... the people I can talk to. 

Had booked Airbnb up near Birmingham for Richie visit, but have 
cancelled that now, and am forced to confront the fact that this 
coming weekend, I will need somewhere to stay. I was clearly too 
complacent about the state of my relationship when arranging this 
living situation. Am now homeless at weekends. 

Wrack brains for options. Nothing for it. Am on way to work; 
check time on phone. It’s about the only window of the day when I 
can ring my mother. I get off the bus a stop early and call her as I 
walk. 

Mam, on answering: You don’t call me enough, Lee. 

Close eyes. Deep breath. 

Me: Hi, Mam. 

Mam: Richie calls me more than you. From prison. 

Me: Sorry, Mam. 

Mam: Do you know how hard this is for me? My boys never talking 
to me? 

Me: I’m calling now, Mam. I’ve got a few minutes before work - I 
want to talk to you about something. 

Mam, suddenly alert: Is it the appeal? Has Sal called you? 


I haven’t told Mam about Tiffy’s lawyer friend. Don’t want to get 
her hopes up. 

Me: No. It’s about me. 

Mam, suspicious: About you? 

Me: Kay and I broke up. 

Mam melts. Suddenly all sympathy. This is what she needs: a son 
to call her and ask for help with something she can handle. My 
mother is good at dealing with romantic heartbreak. Has had lots of 
personal practice. 

Mam: Oh, sweetheart. Why did she end it? 

Mildly insulted. 

Me: I ended it. 

Mam: Oh! You did? What for? 

Me:l... 

Oh. It’s surprisingly difficult, even with Mam. 

Me: She couldn’t handle my hours. Didn’t like me how I was - 
wanted me to be more sociable. And . . . she didn’t believe Richie’s 
innocent. 

Mam: She what? 

Wait. Silence. Gut twists; it feels terrible dobbing Kay in, even now. 

Mam: That cow. She always did look down on us. 

Me: Mam! 

Mam: Well, I’m not sorry. Good riddance to her. 

It’s like speaking ill of the dead, somehow. I’m desperate to veer 
off subject. 

Me: Can I come stay this weekend? 

Mam: Stay? Here? At mine? 


Me: Yeah. I used to stay at Kay’s every weekend. It’s part of .. . the 
living arrangement. With Tiffy. 

Mam: You want to come home? 

Me: Yeah. Just for... 

Bite tongue. It’s not just for this weekend. It’s until I find solution. 
But it’s automatic to put a firm endpoint on these things; that’s the 
only way to feel able to escape. When I get home, Mam will have 
me, and will not let me go. 

Mam: You can stay as long as you need, and whenever you need, 
all right? 

Me: Thanks. 

Moment of quiet. I can hear how pleased she is; gut twists again. 
Should visit more. 

Me: Can I check... Do you... Is there anyone else? Living there? 

Mam, awkwardly: Nobody else, sweetie. I’ve been on my own for a 
few months now. 

That’s good. Unusual, and good. Mam always has a man, and he 
always seems to be living with her, whoever he is. Almost always 
someone who Richie despises and I would rather not have to see. 
Mam has unequivocally bad taste. She’s always been a woman led 
astray by a bad man, a hundred times over. 

Me: [Il see you Saturday night. 

Mam: Can’t wait. lIl get us Chinese, all right? 

Silence. That’s what we would do when Richie came home: 
Saturday night Chinese from Happy Duck down Mam’s road. 

Mam: Or let’s get Indian. I feel like a change, don’t you? 


25 


Tiffy 


‘Are you all right? Ken asks. 

I’m pretty much frozen. My heart is pounding. 

‘Yes. Sorry, yes, I’m fine.’ I try a smile. 

‘Do you want to get out of here?’ he says tentatively. ‘I mean, the 
party’s nearly over...’ 

Do I? I did, about one minute ago. Now, even with the buzz of that 
kiss still warm on my lips, I want to run away. I’m not really 
thinking thoughts - my brain is just producing this extremely 
unhelpful one-tone note of panic, like a loud long wuuhhhh rattling 
back and forth between my ears. 

Someone calls my name. I recognise the voice, but I don’t connect 
the dots until I turn and see Justin. 

He’s standing in the doorway between the garden and the pub, 
dressed in an open-necked shirt with his old leather satchel slung 
over his shoulder. He looks painfully familiar, but things are 


different too: his hair is longer than he ever wore it when we were 


together, and he’s got new city-corporate shoes. I feel as if I’ve 
conjured him up by thinking about him - how else could he 
possibly be here? 

His eyes flick to Ken for a moment, and then they’re back to me. 
He crosses the grass between us. I am glued to the spot, shoulders 
tensed, crouched over on the bench with Ken beside me. 

‘You look beautiful.’ 

This, unbelievably, is the first thing he says. 

‘Justin.’ This is about all I can manage. I look back at Ken, and no 
doubt my face is a picture of misery. 

‘Let me guess,’ says Ken lightly. ‘Boyfriend?’ 

‘Ex,’ I say. ‘Ex! I would never-I... 

Ken smiles an easy, sexy smile at me, and then turns an equally 
good-natured one on Justin. ‘Hi,’ he says, holding out his hand for 
Justin to shake. ‘Ken.’ 

Justin barely looks at him; he shakes his hand for approximately 
half a second before turning back to me. ‘Can I talk to you?’ 

I look between him and Ken. I can’t believe I was even thinking 
about going home with Ken. I can’t do that. 

‘Tm sorry,’ I begin. ‘I really...’ 

‘Hey, don’t worry about it,’ Ken says, standing up. ‘You have my 
contact details if you fancy getting in touch while I’m still in 
London.’ He waves the sampler, still in his hand. ‘Nice to meet you,’ 
he says, extremely politely, in Justin’s direction. 

‘Yeah,’ is all Justin says. 

As Ken walks away, the uuuhhhh quietens and I feel as if I’m 


waking up a little, coming out of some sort of trance. I stand, knees 


shaking, and face Justin. 

‘What. The hell. Are you doing here?’ 

Justin doesn’t react to the venom in my voice. Instead he puts his 
hand on my back and starts leading me towards the side gate. I 
move mechanically, unthinking, and then shrug him off sharply as 
soon as I clock what’s happening. 

‘Hey, whoa.’ He looks at me as we pause in the gateway. The 
evening air is warm, almost stifling. ‘Are you OK? Sorry if I surprised 
you.’ 

‘And ruined my evening.’ 

He smiles. ‘Come on, Tiffy. You needed rescuing. You’d never go 
home with a guy like that.’ 

I open my mouth to speak, and then close it again. I was going to 
say he doesn’t know me any more, but somehow it doesn’t come 
out. ‘What are you doing here?’ I manage instead. 

‘I was just coming in for a drink. I come to this place a fair bit.’ 

I mean, this is just ridiculous. I cannot believe this. The cruise ship 
might have been a coincidence - a very weird one, but just about 
plausible — but this? 

‘Do you not think this is odd?’ 

He’s confused. He tilts his head, like huh? My stomach flips — I used 
to love that little head-tilt. 

‘We’ve bumped into each other twice in six months. Once, on a 
cruise ship.’ 

I need an explanation for this that isn’t ‘Justin appears when you 
think bad thoughts about him’, which is currently all my half- 


frozen brain can believe. I’m scaring myself a little. 


He smiles indulgently. ‘Tiffy. Come on. What are you suggesting? 
That I got on that cruise to see you? That I turned up tonight just to 
see you? If I wanted to do that, why wouldn’t I just call you? Or turn 
up at your office?’ 

Oh. I... I guess that makes sense. My cheeks flush; I’m suddenly 
embarrassed. 

He squeezes my shoulder. ‘It is great to see you, though. And yeah, 
it’s a pretty crazy coincidence. Fate, maybe? I did wonder why I 
suddenly wanted a pint this evening, of all evenings.’ He does an 
exaggerated mysterious face, and I can’t help smiling. I’d forgotten 
how cute he is when he clowns around. 

No. Not smiling. Not cute. I think of what Gerty and Mo would say, 
and gather my resolve. 

‘What did you want to talk to me about?’ 

‘Tam glad I bumped into you,’ he says. ‘I really .. . I have been 
meaning to call. But it’s so hard to know where to start.’ 

‘Hit the phone icon, ld suggest, then search your contacts by 
name?’ I say. My voice is shaking a little, and I hope he doesn’t hear 
it. 

He laughs. ‘I forgot how funny you are when yovw’re angry. No, I 
mean, I didn’t want to tell you this on the phone.’ 

‘Tell me what? Let me guess. That you’ve broken up with the 
woman you left me for?’ 

I’ve caught him off guard. There’s a little thrill when I see his 
perfect confident smile waver, and then a wash of something else - 
more like anxiety. I don’t want to piss him off. I take a deep breath. 
‘I don’t want to see you, Justin. This doesn’t change anything. You 


still left me for her, you still - you still... 

‘IT never cheated on you, he says immediately. We’ve begun 
walking, I’m not sure where; he stops me again and puts his hands 
on my shoulders, turning me so I have to look him in the face. ‘I 
would never do that to you, Tiffy. You know how crazy I am about 
you.’ 

‘Was.’ 

‘What?’ 

‘How crazy I was about you, is what you meant to say. Already I 
wish Id taken the chance to tell him that the reason I don’t want to 
see him is actually nothing to do with Patricia. Although I’m not 
sure what it is about. It’s about . . . all the other stuff, whatever that 
was. I feel very muddled all of a sudden. Justin’s presence always 
does this to me - makes me all confused until I lose my train of 
thought. That was part of the romance, I guess, but right now it 
doesn’t feel nice at all. 

‘Don’t tell me what I mean and don’t mean.’ He looks away for a 
moment. ‘Look, Pm here now. Can’t we just go get a drink 
somewhere and talk about it? Come on. We can go to that 
champagne bar around the corner where they serve your drinks in 
paint cans. Or we can go to the top of the Shard, remember when I 
took you there as a treat? What do you say?’ 

I stare at him. His big, brown eyes, always so earnest, always 
sparkling with that crazy excitement that caught me up every time. 
His perfect jawline. His confident smile. I try very hard not to think 
about the awful memory that came when I kissed Ken, but it seems 
to be in my system now, worse than ever with Justin here. My skin’s 


crawling with it. 

‘Why didn’t you call me?’ 

‘I told you,’ he says, impatient now, ‘I didn’t know how to tell you 
about this.’ 

‘And why are you here?’ 

‘Tiffy, he says sharply, ‘just come for a drink.’ 

I flinch, and then take another deep breath. “You want to talk to 
me, you call ahead and we arrange a time. Not now.’ 

‘When, then?’ he asks, frowning, his hands still heavy on my 
shoulders. 

‘Just ... I need time.’ My head feels cloudy. ‘I don’t want to talk to 
you right now.’ 

‘Time like a couple of hours?’ 

‘Time like a couple of months,’ I say before I’ve thought about it, 
and then I bite my lip, because now I’ve given us a deadline. 

‘I want to see you now,’ he says, and suddenly the hands that are 
on my shoulders have moved to touch my hair, my upper arm. 

That flashback plays behind my eyes. I shrug him off. ‘Try delayed 
gratification, Justin. It’s the only kind you’re going to get, and I have 
a feeling it'll be good for you.’ 

And with that, I turn before I can change my mind, and stumble 
back into the bar. 


26 


Leon 


Holly has almost a full head of hair now. She’s like a female Harry 
Potter — hair sticking up all over the place no matter how much her 
mum tries to smooth it flat. 

Her face has changed too, got fuller, livelier. Eyes look less out of 
proportion with the rest of her these days. 

She grins up at me. 

Holly: Have you come to say goodbye? 

Me: I’ve come to check your bloods. 

Holly: For one last time? 

Me: Depends what they say. 

Holly: You’re being grumpy. You don’t want me to leave. 

Me: Of course I do. I want you to be well. 

Holly: No you don’t. You don’t like stuff changing. You want me to 
stay here. 

Don’t say anything. It’s annoying, being so completely understood 
by one so very small. 


Holly: [’ll miss you too. Will you visit me at home? 

I glance at her mum, who’s wearing a tired but very happy smile. 

Me: You'll be too busy at school and all your after-school clubs. You 
won't want visitors. 

Holly: Yes I will. 

Holly’s Mum: I’d love to have you round for dinner. Really - and 
Holly would too. Just to say thank you. 

Sheer euphoria surrounding Holly’s mother like a cloud of 
perfume. 

Me: Well, maybe. Thanks. 

Holly’s mum is welling up. I never cope well with these situations. 
Start to feel slightly panicked; edge towards door. 

She hugs me before I can escape. Feel suddenly very wobbly. I’m 
not sure if it’s Holly or Kay I want to cry about, but someone 
hugging me is doing something involving my tear glands. 

Wipe eyes and hope Holly doesn’t notice. Ruffle her messy brown 
hair. 

Me: Be good. 

Holly grins. Get the impression she has other plans. 

I get out of work in time to see the last traces of a truly glorious 
sunrise behind London’s skyscrapers and reflected in the steel grey 
of the Thames, turning it blue-pink. Seem to have so much time 
now Kay is gone. Makes me wonder if I really did give her as little 
time as she always claimed - if that’s true, where have all these 
hours come from? 


Decide to stop somewhere for a tea, then walk home - only takes 


an hour and a half, and it’s the sort of morning you want to be out 
in. People are buzzing in all directions, on their way to work, 
coffees clutched close. I let them all stream by. Walk up through the 
back roads as much as I can; they’re a little sleepier than the main 
roads. 

I find myself on Clapham Road without really noticing. Go cold 
when I see the off-licence. But make myself stop. Seems respectful, 
like taking your hat off when a hearse goes by. 

Can’t help noticing that the Aldi security cameras really do point 
in every possible direction, including this one. Something wishful 
grips me. I remember the whole point of why Kay and I broke up. 
I’ve been too sad to remember that there is hope for Richie. 

Maybe Gerty will have written back to Richie by now. I walk on, 
faster now, keen to get home. He might try to call, expecting me to 
be back at usual time. Feel sure he has; am furious with myself for 
missing him. 

Deep breaths. I fumble with the key in the door, but oddly it’s not 
double-locked - Tiffy has never forgotten before. I give a cursory 
look around the room when I get in to make sure we’ve not been 
burgled, but TV and laptop are still there, so head straight for 
landline and check for missed calls or voicemails. 

Nothing. Breathe out. Am sweaty from power-walking in the 
morning sunshine; chuck Keys in customary space (they now live 
under the Spot the Dog moneybox) and yank off T-shirt as I head to 
bathroom. Shove the row of multi-coloured candles off the edge of 
the bath so I can actually shower. Then turn the hot water on and 
stand there, washing off yet another week. 


27 


Tiffy 


Oh, God. 

I think this is the worst I’ve ever felt. It’s worse than the hangover 
I had after Rachel’s twenty-fifth. It’s worse than the time at uni 
when I drank two bottles of wine and vomited outside the faculty 
Office. It’s worse than swine flu. 

I’m still wearing the Alice in Wonderland dress. I have slept on top 
of the duvet, under just my Brixton blanket. I at least had the 
foresight to take my shoes off and leave them at the door. 

Oh, God. 

The line-of-sight from where I am to the shoes intersects with the 
alarm clock. It is saying a time that cannot possibly be correct. It is 
saying 08:59. 

I should be at work in one minute. 

How has this happened? I scramble up, my stomach lurching and 
my head spinning, and as I fumble about looking for my purse - oh 
good, at least I didn’t lose that, and ah yes, aspirin - I remember 


how this all started. 

I’d gone back inside after walking away from Justin, and dragged 
Rachel off the bartender’s face in order to weep at her for a while. 
She was not the best person to speak to — she’s the only person left 
who’s Team Justin. (I didn’t mention that weird kiss flashback. And I 
do not want to think about it now, either.) At first Rachel told me to 
go back out there and hear what he had to say, but then she came 
around to my delayed gratification strategy, which Katherin also 
approved of- oh, God, I told Katherin ... 

I neck some aspirin and try not to gag. Was I sick last night? I have 
vague and unpleasant memories of being way too close to a toilet 
seat in that bar’s bathroom. 

I type a quick apology text to the head of Editorial, panic rising. 
I’m never this late for work, and everyone will know it’s because 
I’m hungover. If they don’t, Pm sure Martin will be happy to 
enlighten them. 

I can’t go to work like this, I realise, in my first moment of clarity 
of the morning. I need to wash and change. I unzip the dress and 
kick it off, already reaching for my towel on the back of the door. 

I don’t hear the running water. There is a constant buzzing in my 
ears that sort of already sounds like a shower turned on, and I am in 
such a panic I don’t think I would notice if my stuffed elephant 
came alive on the armchair and started telling me I need to detox. 

I only realise Leon is in the shower when I see him there. Our 
shower curtain is mostly opaque, but you can definitely see a bit. I 
mean, outlines. 


He does the natural thing: panics and throws the curtain back to 


see who’s there. We stare at each other. The shower keeps running. 

He comes to his senses faster than I do and pulls the curtain again. 

‘Ahhh,’ he says. It’s more of a gargled noise than a word. 

I am in my extremely small, lacy going-out underwear. I haven’t 
even wrapped my towel around myself — it’s thrown over my arm. 
Somehow that feels a lot worse than not having any means of 
covering myself up at all - I was so close to not exposing myself, 
and yet so far. 

‘Oh, God,’ I squeak. ‘I’m so —I’m so sorry.’ 

He flips the shower off. He probably can’t hear me over the noise. 
He turns his back on me; the fact that I notice this makes me realise 
that I should really stop looking at the outline behind the shower 
curtain. I turn my back on him too. 

‘Ahhh, he says again. 

‘I know,’ I say. ‘Oh, God. This is not .. . how I imagined meeting 
you.’ 

I wince. That sounded a bit Keen. 

‘Did you...” he begins. 

‘I didn’t see anything,’ I lie quickly. 

‘Good. OK. Me neither,’ he says. 

‘I should... I’m so late for work.’ 

‘Oh, you need the shower?’ 

‘Well, I...’ 

Tm finished,’ he says. We still have our backs to one another. I slip 
the towel off my arm and now - about five minutes too late - wrap 
it around myself. 

‘Well, if you’re sure,’ I say. 


‘Umm. Need my towel,’ he says. 

‘Oh, of course,’ I say, grabbing it off the rail and turning. 

‘Eyes closed,’ he yells. 

I freeze and close my eyes. “They’re closed! They’re closed!’ 

I feel him take the towel from my hand. 

‘OK. You can open them again.’ 

He steps out of the shower. I mean, he’s decent now, but he’s still 
not wearing a lot. I can see all of his chest, for instance. And quite a 
lot of his stomach. 

He’s a couple of inches taller than me. Wet, his thick curly hair 
still doesn’t sit flat; it’s smoothed back behind his ears and dripping 
on to his shoulders. His face is fine-boned and his eyes are deep 
brown, a few tones darker than his skin; he has laughter lines, and 
his ears stick out a little, as if they’ve learnt the habit from always 
keeping his hair back from his face. 

He turns to sidestep past me. He’s doing his best, but there’s really 
not room for two of us, and as he slides by me the warm skin of his 
back brushes against my chest. I inhale, hangover forgotten. Despite 
the lace bra and the towel between us, my skin has gone prickly 
and something has started fizzing hotly at the base of my stomach, 
where all the best feelings tend to sit. 

He glances over his shoulder at me, an intense, half-nervous, half- 
curious look that only makes me feel warmer. I can’t help it. As he 
turns towards the door I glance down. 

Is he... That looks like... 

It can’t have been. It must have been some bunched-up towel. 

He closes the door behind him and I collapse backwards against 


the basin for a moment. The reality of the last two minutes is so 
painfully embarrassing that I find myself saying ‘oh, God’ out loud 
and pressing the heels of my hands into my eyes. This does not help 
with my hangover, which has come rushing back now that the 
naked man has left the bathroom. 

God. I’m flushed with heat, all flustered and skin-prickly and 
breathless - no, I’m turned on. I didn’t see that coming. Surely this 
situation was far too awkward for that to even be possible? I’m a 
grown woman! Can’t I handle seeing a man naked? It’s probably 
just because I haven’t had sex for so long. It’s some sort of biological 
thing, like how the smell of bacon gets you salivating, or how 
holding other people’s babies makes you want to end your career 
and immediately start procreating. 

In a sudden panic I swivel to look at myself in the mirror, wiping 
the condensation from its surface to reveal my pale, gaunt face. My 
lipstick has ingrained itself into the dry skin of my lips, and my 
eyeshadow and eyeliner have blurred into a black mess around each 
eye. I look like a toddler who’s attempted to use its mother’s make- 
up. 

I groan. This is a disaster. This could not have gone worse. I look 
terrible, and he looked really quite astonishingly good. I think back 
to the day when I checked him out on Facebook - I don’t remember 
him being attractive. How did I not notice? Oh, God, why does it 
even matter? It’s Leon. Flatmate Leon. Leon-with-a-girlfriend Leon. 

Right, I’ve got to shower and go to work. Ill deal with my 
hormones and incredibly awkward living situation tomorrow. 

Oh, God. I am so late. 


28 


Leon 


Ahhh. 

Ahhh. 

Lie on back in bed, immobilised by pounding shame. Cannot think 
in words. Ahhh is only sound adequate to express sufficient horror. 

Didn’t Kay say Tiffy was unattractive? I’d just assumed! Or... or.. 
. Pd not even thought about it, actually. But, Jesus. She’s like... 
Ahhh. 

Can’t spring a scantily clad lady on a man in the shower. Can’t do 
that. It’s not fair. 

Can’t connect that woman in the bathroom in the red underwear 


with the woman I write notes to and clean up after. Had just never . 


Landline rings. Freeze. Landline is in kitchen. Chance of bumping 
into Tiffy again: high. 

Unfreeze and shake self. Obviously have to answer phone - will be 
Richie. Dart out of bedroom, clutching towel at waist, and locate 


phone under pile of Mr Prior’s hats on kitchen sideboard; answer 
while dashing back to bedroom. 

Me: Hey. 

Richie: Are you all right? 

Make groaning noise. 

Richie, alert: What is it? What’s happened? 

Me: No, no, nothing bad. Just .. . met Tiffy. 

Richie, cheered: Oh! Is she hot? 

Repeat groaning noise. 

Richie: She is! I knew it. 

Me: She wasn’t meant to be. I assumed Kay made sure she wasn’t! 

Richie: Did she look anything like Kay? 

Me: Eh? 

Richie: Kay wouldn’t think anyone’s hot unless they look like Kay. 

Wince, but sort of know what he means. Can’t get image of Tiffy 
out of head. Ruffled red hair all over the place, like she’s just got out 
of bed. Light-brown freckles across pale skin, dusting her arms and 
dappled across her chest. Red lace bra. Ridiculously perfect breasts. 

Ahhh. 

Richie: Where is she now? 

Me: Shower. 

Richie: And where are you? 

Me: Hiding in the bedroom. 

Pause. 

Richie: You realise she’s going to come there next, yeah? 

Me: Shit! 

Sit bolt upright. Flounder around looking for clothes. Can only 


find hers. See her dress, thrown on the floor unzipped. 

Me: Hang on. Need to dress. 

Richie: Wait, what? 

Put him down on the bed as I pull on boxers and tracksuit 
bottoms. Horribly aware of my bum pointing towards door as I do 
so, but is better option than facing the other way. Find old vest 
within reach and throw it on, then breathe. 

Me: OK. Right. I think it’s safest to . . . go to the kitchen? She won’t 
pass on the way from the bathroom to the bedroom. Then I can 
hide in the bathroom until she leaves. 

Richie: What the hell happened? Why aren’t you wearing any 
clothes? Have you shagged her, man? 

Me: No! 

Richie: All right. It was a reasonable question. 

Make my way across living room to kitchen. Skulk as far as 
possible behind fridge, so I can’t be seen en route from bathroom to 
bedroom. 

Me: We bumped into each other in the shower. 

Richie gives a proper belly laugh that makes me smile a little 
despite myself. 

Richie: She was naked? 

Groan. 

Me: Nearly. I was, though. 

Richie’s laugh scales up a notch. 

Richie: Ah, man, this has made my day. So she was in, what, a 
towel? 

Me: Underwear. 


Richie groans too this time. 

Richie: Good? 

Me: I’m not talking about this! 

Richie: Good point. Can she hear you? 

Pause. Listen. Ahhh. 

Me, in a hiss: Shower has stopped! 

Richie: Don’t you want to be there when she comes out in a towel? 
Why don’t you just go back to the bedroom? It won’t look like you 
did it on purpose. I mean, you did nearly do it accidentally. Throw 
you together one more time, you never— 

Me: I’m not going to lie in wait for the poor woman, Richie! I 
already exposed myself to her, didn’t I? She’s probably traumatised. 

Richie: Did she look traumatised? 

Think back. She looked .. . Ahhh. So much skin. And big blue eyes, 
freckles across her nose, that little intake of breath as I moved past 
her to the door, way too close for comfort. 

Richie: You’re going to need to speak to her. 

Sound of bathroom door unlocking. 

Me: Shit! 

Hide further behind fridge, then, when no noise follows, peek out. 

She doesn’t look my way. Her towel is wrapped tightly under her 
arms and her long hair is darker now and dripping down her back. 
She disappears into the bedroom. 

And breathe. 

Me: She’s in the bedroom. I’m going to the bathroom. 

Richie: Why don’t you just leave the flat if you’re that worried, 
man? 


Me: I can’t talk to you, then! I cannot handle this alone, Richie! 

I hear Richie grin. 

Richie: There’s something you're not telling me, isn’t there? No, 
let me guess . . . did you get a bit excited ...? 

I make my loudest, most humiliated groan yet. Richie roars with 
laughter. 

Me: She came from nowhere! I was not prepared! I have not had 
sex for weeks! 

Richie, laughing hysterically: Ah, Lee! Do you think she noticed? 

Me: No. Definitely not. No. 

Richie: So maybe, then. 

Me: No. She can’t have. Too awkward to think about. 

Lock bathroom door behind me and pull toilet seat down to sit. 
Stare down at my legs, heart pounding. 

Richie: I have to go. 

Me: No! You can’t leave! What do I do now? 

Richie: What do you want to do now? 

Me: Run away! 

Richie: Come on, now, Lee! Calm yourself down. 

Me: This is terrible. We live together. I can’t be walking around with 
an erection in front of my flatmate! It’s... it’s... it’s obscene! It’s 
probably a crime! 

Richie: If it is, then I definitely do belong in here. Come on, man. 
Don’t freak out about it. Like you say, you and Kay have been 
broken up a few weeks and not sleeping together for a fair while 
before that - 

Me: How did you know that? 


Richie: Come on. It was obvious. 

Me: You haven’t seen us together for months! 

Richie: The point is, it’s not a big deal. You saw a naked chick and 
you started thinking with your — hang on, man, give me... 

He sighs. 

Richie: Got to go. But chill out. She didn’t see anything, it doesn’t 
mean anything, just relax. 


He hangs up. 


29 


Tiffy 


Rachel is positively vibrating with excitement. 

‘You are joking! You are joking!’ she says, bouncing in her seat. ‘I 
cannot believe he had a hard-on! 

I groan and rub my temples, which I’ve sometimes seen tired 
people do on television so am hoping will make me feel better. It 
doesn’t work. How is Rachel so bloody perky? I was sure she drank 
nearly as much as me. 

‘Its not funny,’ I tell her. ‘And I said he might have done. I’m not 
saying he definitely did.’ 

‘Oh, please,’ she says. ‘You’re not so out of action that you’ve 
forgotten what that looks like. Three men in one night! You are 
literally living the dream.’ 

I ignore her. The head of Editorial luckily found it funny that I was 
late, but I still have a huge pile of work to get done today, and it 
hasn’t helped my to-do list that I arrived over an hour late. 

‘Stop pretending to check those proofs,’ Rachel says. “We need a 


plan of action!’ 

‘For what?’ 

‘Well, what now? Are you calling Ken the hermit? Going for a 
drink with Justin? Or jumping in the shower with Leon?’ 

Tm going back to my desk,’ I tell her, grabbing the stack of proofs. 
‘This has not been a productive session.’ 

She sings ‘Maneater’ at me as I walk away. 

Rachel is right about the plan of action, though. I need to work out 
what the hell I’m going to do about the Leon situation. If we don’t 
speak soon, there’s a serious risk this morning will ruin everything 
- no more notes, no more leftovers, just silent, painful 
awkwardness. Humiliation is like mould: ignore it and the whole 
place will get smelly and green. 

I’ve got to... I’ve got to text him. 

No. I’ve got to call him, I decide. It needs to be drastic. I check the 
clock. Well, he’ll be asleep now - it’s two in the afternoon - so I’ve 
got a glorious four hours or so in which I can’t do anything about 
this situation. I suppose I should probably use that time to go 
through the proofs of Katherin’s book, especially now there’s a real 
danger that quite a lot of people might actually buy it, what with all 
this social media buzz about crochet. 

Instead, after a long night and morning of trying very hard not to, 
I think about Justin. 

And then, because I am not good at thinking on my own, I ring Mo 
to talk about Justin. He sounds a little groggy when he answers the 
phone, as if he’s just woken up. 


‘Where are you?’ | ask. 

‘At home. Why?’ 

“You sound weird. Isn’t it Gerty’s day off?’ 

‘Yes, she’s here too.’ 

‘Oh.’ It’s odd to think of the two of them just hanging out together 
without me. It just . . . doesn’t work as a combination. From 
freshers’ week of uni it was Gerty and me, inseparable; we took Mo 
under our collective wing at the end of first year, after seeing him 
solo dancing very enthusiastically to ‘Drop it Like it’s Hot’ and 
deciding anyone with those moves needed to be involved in all our 
nights out. After that we did everything as a three, and if a rare 
pairing did come about it was always me plus Gerty or me plus Mo. 
‘Put loudspeaker on?’ I say, trying not to sound petulant. 

‘Hang on. Hey, youre all set.’ 

‘Let me guess,’ Gerty says, ‘you’ve fallen in love with Leon’s 
brother.’ 

I pause. ‘Normally your radar is pretty good, but you’re way off.’ 

‘Damn. Leon, then?’ 

‘Can’t I just call you for a chat?’ 

‘This isn’t a chat,’ Gerty says. ‘You don’t call at two in the 
afternoon for chats. You WhatsApp for that.’ 

‘This,’ I tell her, ‘is why I rang Mo.’ 

‘So? What’s the drama?’ Gerty asks. 

‘Justin,’ I say, too tired to argue with her. 

‘Ooh! An oldie but a goodie.’ 

I roll my eyes. ‘Can you let Mo chime in with something 
supportive, at least occasionally?’ 


‘What happened, Tiffy? Mo says. 

I fill them in on my evening. Or at least, an abridged version of it - 
I don’t mention the dreadful kiss incident. It’s just a lot of drama to 
fit in one phone call, especially when you're trying to check page 
numbers while youre talking. 

Also, as well as that, there’s the whole I-desperately-don’t-want-to- 
think-about-it thing. 

‘This all sounds like pretty typical Justin behaviour, Tiffy,’ Mo says. 

‘Well done for saying no,’ Gerty says, with surprising fervour. ‘It’s 
fucking creepy that he was at the cruise, and now this? I wish you 
could see how—’ There’s a muffled noise and Gerty stops talking. I 
get the sense that Mo may have poked her. 

‘I didn’t quite say no,’ I point out, staring down at my feet. ‘I said 
“in a couple of months”. 

‘That’s still a hell of a lot better than dropping everything and 
running off with him again,’ Gerty says. 

There’s a long silence. My throat feels tight. I need to talk about 
that kiss, I know I need to, but I can’t seem to get there. ‘Gerty,’ I 
say eventually. ‘Would you mind if I just spoke to Mo? For a 
moment?’ 

There’s another muffled sort of silence. 

‘Fine, sure,’ Gerty says. She is audibly trying not to sound miffed. 

‘Just me now,’ Mo says. 

I swallow. I don’t want to talk about this here - I head for the 
office doors, down the stairs and out of the building. Outside 
everyone is moving a little more slowly than usual, as if the heat 


has calmed London down. 


“You told me once that my - that me and Justin . . . took its toll on 
me.’ 

Mo doesn’t say anything, he just waits. 

‘You said that would sink in eventually. And you said to call you 
when it does.’ 

More silence, but it’s Mo-style silence, which means it is somehow 
incredibly reassuring. Like an audio hug. He doesn’t need words, Mo 
— his arts are beyond them. 

‘Something weird happened last night. I was - that Ken guy and I 
kissed, and then we ... well, I, I remembered...’ 

Why can’t I say it? 

‘I remembered sleeping with Justin after a fight. I was so unhappy.’ 
I’m tearing up; I sniff, trying very hard not to cry. 

‘How did you feel?’ Mo asks. ‘When the thought came to you, I 
mean.’ 

‘Scared,’ I admit. ‘I don’t remember our relationship being like 
that. But now I think I might have just sort of - airbrushed it? 
Forgotten those bits? I don’t know, is that even possible?’ 

‘Your brain can do amazing stuff to protect itself from pain,’ Mo 
tells me. ‘But it'll struggle to keep secrets from the rest of you for 
long. Has this feeling of remembering things differently happened a 
lot since you left Justin?’ 

‘Not a lot.’ But, you know, a bit. Like there was that note I wrote 
about not inviting Justin to Rachel’s party, even though I know I 
did. It sounds crazy but I think Justin might’ve made me believe Id 
not invited him, because that way he could be mad about me going? 
And lately I keep finding things - clothes, shoes, jewellery — that I 


remember Justin telling me Id sold or given away. I’d usually put it 
down to my bad memory, but I’ve had a nagging sense of wrongness 
for months now, not helped by Mo’s relentless, annoyingly 
supportive nudging every time we talk about Justin. I am very good 
at not thinking about things, though, so I’ve just . . . resolutely not 
thought about it. 

Mo talks about gaslighting and triggers. I squirm uncomfortably, 
and finally a tear creeps from my bottom lashes down my cheek. 
I’m officially crying. 

‘I should go,’ I say, wiping my nose. 

‘Just think about what I’ve said, OK, Tiffy? And remember how 
well you stood up to him last night - you’ve come a million miles 
already. Give yourself credit for that.’ 

I head back inside, suddenly drained. This last day has been too 
much. Up and down and up and down .. . Ugh. And the hangover is 
crushing. 

By the time I finally finish checking the proofs of Katherin’s book, 
I’ve filed the nasty Justin thoughts back into their usual box, and 
I’m feeling a lot calmer. I’ve also had three packets of Wotsits, 
which Rachel suggested as the ultimate hangover cure, and which 
do appear to have taken me from full-on zombie to semi-sentient. 
So once I’ve dumped Crochet Your Way on Rachel’s desk, I scuttle 
back to mine to do what I’ve been itching to do since last night: go 
back on Leon’s Facebook page. 

There he is. He’s smiling at the camera, his arm slung around 
someone at what looks like a Christmas party - there are twinkly 
fairy lights hung up behind them, and a room full of heads. I flick 


through his profile pictures and remember looking at these before. 
I'd not thought he looked at all attractive - and it’s true that he’s 
too gangly and long-haired to be my usual type. But clearly he is just 
one of those people who suddenly becomes fanciable in person. 

Maybe it was just the initial shock, and the nakedness. Maybe 
second time around it’ll all be nice and platonic, and I can forget 
about it and call Ken the sexy Norwegian hermit. Although I can’t 
face that, not after the way Justin humiliated me in front of him. 
Ugh, no, don’t think about Justin— 

‘Who’s that?’ Martin says from behind me. I jump, spilling coffee 
across my scattering of very urgent Post-it notes. 

‘Why do you always creep up on me?’ I ask, snapping the window 
closed and dabbing at the coffee with a tissue. 

‘You’re just jumpy. So who was that?’ 

‘My friend Leon.’ 

‘Friend?’ 

I roll my eyes. ‘Since when have you been even slightly interested 
in my life, Martin?’ 

He gives me an oddly smug look, as if he knows something I don’t, 
or perhaps is just having some intestinal issues. 

‘What do you need?’ I ask, through gritted teeth. 

‘Oh, nothing, Tiffy. Don’t let me interrupt you.’ And he walks off. 

I sit back in my chair and take a deep breath. Rachel pops her head 
up over her computer and mouths ‘Still can’t believe it! Hard-on!’ at 
me, then does a double thumbs-up. I sink further in my seat, 
hangover resettling, and decide that I will absolutely definitely 


never drink again. 


30 


Leon 


Mam at least provides distraction from painfully awkward memory 
of this morning. 

She’s making astonishing effort. And it seems she was telling the 
truth about being single - no telltale signs of man about house 
(Richie and I got to be very good at identifying them in childhood) 
and she’s not changed her hair and clothes since last time I saw her, 
which means she’s not trying to fit to someone else. 

I talk to her about Kay. Feels surprisingly good. She nods in the 
right places and pats my hand, welling up occasionally, then makes 
me oven chips with nuggets, which all make me feel ten years old 
again. Not unpleasant, though. Nice to be looked after. 

The strangest part is going back to the bedroom Richie and I 
shared when we moved to London in our early teens. I’ve only been 
back here once since the trial. Came to stay for a week after that; 
didn’t think Mam could cope alone. Wasn’t needed for long, though 
— she met Mike, who was keen to have the place to themselves, so I 


moved back to the flat. 

The room is unchanged. Has the feeling of a shell missing its sea 
creature. It’s full of holes where things should be: Blu-Tack marks 
on walls for posters long-since taken down, books tipping at 
diagonals without enough there to hold them up. Richie’s stuff still 
boxed up from when his old housemates dropped it around. 

It takes enormous mental effort not to riffle through it. Would be 
unnecessarily upsetting, and he’d hate me doing it. 

I lie down on the bed and find my mind drifting back to image of 
Tiffy - first in that red underwear, then padding into the bedroom 
wrapped in a towel. Second image feels even more unacceptable, as 
she didn’t even know I was watching. Fidget, uncomfortable. It’s 
wrong to be so attracted to her. It’s probably a reaction to Kay 
break-up. 

Phone rings. Rising panic. Check screen: Tiffy. 

Don’t want to answer. Phone rings and rings — seems to go on for 
ever. 

She hangs up without leaving a message. I feel oddly guilty. Richie 
told me I had to talk to her. But I prefer option of total radio silence 
going forward, or, at most, the odd note left on kettle or back of 
door. 

Lie back down. Reflect on this. Wonder if it’s true. 

Phone buzzes. A text. 


Hey. So. Hmm. | feel like we should chat about this morning? Tiffy x 


The memory hits me afresh, and I find myself groaning again. 
Should definitely reply. Put phone down. Stare at ceiling. 


Phone buzzes again. 


| should totally have started with an apology. It was me who shouldn't have been 
there, according to our flatsharing rules. And then | went and accosted you in the 
shower. So yes, | am very, very sorry! xx 


Oddly, I feel a lot better after seeing this text. It doesn’t sound like 
she was traumatised, and also sounds familiarly Tiffy-ish, so is easier 
to imagine this text coming from the Tiffy I had in my head before I 
met the real one. That one was sort of .. . not irrelevant, exactly, but 
in the ‘safe space’ in my head. Person for talking to, without 
pressure or implication. Easy and undemanding. 

Now Tiffy is definitely not in safe headspace. 

I muster the courage to start a reply. 


Don’t apologise. We were bound to bump into each other eventually! No need to 
worry — it’s already forgotten. 


Delete this last part. Clearly this is not true. 


Don’t apologise. We were bound to bump into each other eventually! No need to 
worry — am happy to put it behind us if you are. Leon x 


Send, then regret the kiss. Do I normally put a kiss? Have no 
recollection. Scroll back up thread of last few messages and find 
that I am entirely inconsistent, which is probably best outcome. I 
settle back on the bed and wait. 

And wait. 

What is she doing? She normally replies fast. Check the time - 
eleven at night. Could she have fallen asleep? Did seem like she was 


out late last night. Finally, though: 


Let’s forget all about it! | promise it won't happen again (the barging in OR the 
sleeping in, that is). | hope Kay didn’t totally flip out about me breaking the 
flatshare rules . . .? And, you know, accosting her boyfriend in the shower . . . xx 


Deep breath. 


Kay and | broke up a couple of weeks ago. X 


Reply is almost instant. 


Oh, shit, I’m so sorry. | did think something might be wrong — you were all quiet 
in your notes (more so than usual, | mean!) How are you holding up? 


Think about it. How am I holding up? Am lying in bed in my 
mother’s flat, fantasising about naked flatmate, all thoughts of ex- 
girlfriend briefly but genuinely forgotten. Is probably not entirely 
healthy, but ... better than yesterday? I go for: 


Getting there. x 


There’s a long pause after this one. Wonder if I should have said a 
bit more. Not that that’s ever put Tiffy off before. 


Well, this might cheer you up: in my hungover state | walked into the printer at 
work today. 


I snort. A beat later, an image of printer appears. It’s enormous. 
Could probably fit four Tiffys inside it. 


Did you not . . . spot it? 


| think | just lost the ability to stop walking at the necessary moment. | had just 
come off a call with my gorgeous bricklayer-turned-designer though, so... 


Ah. You must've still been weak at the knees. 


Probably! It’s been that sort of day xx 


Stare at this one until phone screen times out. That sort of day. 
What sort of day? Weak-kneed sort of day? But why — because she .. 


No, no, won’t be because of me. That’s ridiculous. Except . . . what 
did she mean, then? 
Hope this isn’t going to be how I am whenever communicating 


with Tiffy now. Is absolutely exhausting. 


31 


Tiffy 


My dad likes to say, ‘Life is never simple’. This is one of his favourite 
aphorisms. 

I actually think it’s incorrect. Life is often simple, but you don’t 
notice how simple it was until it gets incredibly complicated, like 
how you never feel grateful for being well until you’re ill, or how 
you never appreciate your tights drawer until you rip a pair and 
have no spares. 

Katherin has just done a guest vlog on Tasha Chai-Latte’s page 
about crocheting your own bikini. The Internet has gone mental. I 
can’t keep track of all the influential people who have retweeted 
her — and because Katherin hates Martin, every time she freaks out 
or needs help with something, she calls me. I, who know nothing 
about PR, then have to go to Martin and feed back to Katherin. If 
this was a divorce and I was their child, social services would be 
called. 


Gerty rings me as I’m leaving work. 


‘You’ve only just left? Have you asked for a rise yet?’ she asks. I 
check my watch - it’s half seven. How have I been at work for 
almost twelve hours, and yet achieved so little? 

‘No time,’ I tell her. ‘And they don’t do rises. They’d probably fire 
me for asking.’ 

‘Ridiculous.’ 

‘What’s up, anyway?’ 

‘Oh, I just thought you might want to know I’ve got Richie’s 
appeal moved forward by three months,’ Gerty says airily. 

I stop dead in my tracks. Someone behind me walks into me and 
swears (stopping abruptly in central London is a heinous crime, and 
immediately gives the people around you permission to kick you). 

‘You took his case?’ 

‘His previous barrister was appalling,’ Gerty says. ‘Really. I’ve half a 
mind to report him to the bar standards board. We’ll have to find 
Richie a new solicitor, too, especially since I’ve gone over this one’s 
head and royally pissed him off, but—’ 

“You took his case?’ 

‘Keep up, Tiffy.’ 

‘Thank you. So much. God, I... I can’t stop smiling. ‘Has Richie 
told Leon?’ 

‘Richie probably doesn’t know yet,’ Gerty says. ‘I only wrote to him 
yesterday.’ 

‘Can I tell Leon?’ 

‘That’d save me a job,’ Gerty says, ‘so go for it.’ 

My phone buzzes almost as soon as I hang up. It’s a text from 
Leon; my heart does a funny little twisty spasm thing. He’s not 


messaged me or left me a note since we texted at the weekend. 


Heads up: enormous bunch of flowers for you in foyer from your ex. Not sure 
whether to ruin surprise (good or bad surprise?) but if it was me, would want to 
be pre-warned x 


I stop dead in my tracks again; this time a businessman on a 
scooter runs over my foot. 

I’ve not heard from Justin since Thursday. No call, no text, 
nothing. I had just about convinced myself that he’d taken what I’d 
said seriously and wasn’t going to contact me, but I should have 
known better — that would have been entirely out of character. This, 
though - this is much more like it. 

I don’t want a big bunch of flowers from Justin. I just want him 
gone — it’s so hard to get on with getting better when he keeps 
popping up all over the place. As I march up to our building, I press 
my lips together and prepare myself. 

It really is an enormous bunch of flowers. ld forgotten how rich 
he is, and how inclined to spend money on ridiculous things. For 
my birthday dinner last year he bought me an insanely pricey 
designer gown, all silver silk and sequins; wearing it felt like going 
out in costume as somebody else. 

Stuck in amongst the flowers is a note that reads, To Tiffy — we'll 
speak in October. Love, Justin. I lift the bouquet and check underneath 
it for a proper note, but no. A note would be far too straightforward 
— a giant, expensive gesture is much more Justin’s style. 

This has really annoyed me, for some reason. Perhaps because I’ve 
never told Justin where I live. Or maybe because it’s so flagrantly 


disregarding what I asked of him on Thursday, and because he’s 
made my ‘I need a couple of months’ into a ‘I will speak to you in 
two months’ time’. 

I stuff the flowers into the ornamental plant pot I usually keep my 
spare wool in. I was waiting for Justin to do this — to turn up with 
his explanations and his expensive gestures and sweep me off my 
feet again. But that Facebook message, the engagement . . . He 
tipped me over the edge, and now I am in a very different place 
from the last time he tried to get me back. 

I slump down on the sofa and stare at the flowers. I think about 
what Mo said, and how despite myself I’ve been remembering 
things. The way Justin used to tell me off for forgetting stuff, how 
confused it made me feel. The half-excitement, half-anxiety every 
day when he came home. The reality of how my stomach lurched 
when he put his hand on my shoulder and snapped at me to go for 
a drink with him at the pub on Thursday. 

That flashback. 

God. I don’t want to go back to all that. I’m happier now - I like 
living here, safely hidden away in this flat which I’ve made my own. 
In two weeks’ time IlI be at the end of my lease here — Leon’s not 
mentioned it, so I’ve not brought it up either, because I don’t want 
to move out. I’ve got money, for once, even if most of it is paying off 
my overdraft. lve got a flatmate who I can talk to - who cares if it’s 
not face-to-face? And I’ve got a home that actually feels like it’s 
exactly fifty per cent mine. 

I reach for my phone and reply to Leon. 


Bad surprise. Thanks for the heads-up. We now have a lot of flowers in the flat 


XX 


He replies almost instantly, which is unusual. 


Glad to hear it x 


And then, a minute or so later: 


About the flowers in the flat, not the surprise, obviously x 


I smile. 


| have some good news for you xx 
Perfect timing — on coffee break. Hit me. x 


He doesn’t get it — he thinks this is small good news, like I cooked 
a crumble or something. I pause, fingers hovering over the keys. 
This is the perfect thing to cheer me up - and what’s more 
important, the ins and outs of my old relationship, or the reality of 
Richie’s case right now? 


Can | call you? As in, if | call you, can you pick up? xx 


The reply comes more slowly this time. 


Sure. x 


I’m hit with a very abrupt and intense wave of nerves, and a 
flashback to Leon, naked, dripping wet, his hair pushed back from 
his face. I press the call button because there is now no other option 
but to do it, or to come up with a very weird and elaborate excuse. 

‘Hey,’ he says, his voice a little low, as if he’s somewhere he has to 


be quiet. 

‘Hi,’ I say. We wait. I think about him naked, and then try very 
hard not to. ‘How’s the shift?’ 

‘Quiet. Hence the coffee break.’ 

His accent is almost exactly like Richie’s, and completely unlike 
anyone else’s. It’s like South London had a fling with Irish. I sit back 
on the sofa, pulling my knees up and hugging them close. 

‘So, uh... he begins. 

‘Sorry,’ I say, almost at the same time. We wait again, and then I 
find myself doing a stupid little awkward laugh I’m sure I’ve never 
done before. What an excellent time to wheel out a brand-new 
awkward laugh. 

‘You go, he says. 

‘Let’s just . . . I didn’t call to talk about the other day,’ I begin, ‘so 
let’s just pretend that whole shower situation was a strange shared 
dream for the duration of this conversation so I can tell you my 
good news without us both feeling incredibly awkward?’ 

I think I hear him smile. ‘Deal.’ 

‘Gerty took Richie’s case.’ 

All I hear is a sharp intake of breath, and then silence. I wait until 
it has been a painfully long time, but I have a feeling Leon is the 
kind of person who needs time to absorb stuff the same way Mo 
does, so I resist the urge to say anything else until he’s ready. 

‘Gerty took Richie’s case,’ Leon repeats, in a wondering sort of way. 

‘Yeah. She took it. And that’s not even the good news!’ I find I’m 
bouncing slightly on the sofa cushions. 

‘What’s ... the good news?’ he asks, sounding slightly faint. 


‘She’s got his appeal moved forward by three months. You were 
looking at January next year, right? So now we’re talking, what...’ 

‘October. October. That’s ...’ 

‘Soon! Really soon!’ 

‘That’s two months away! We’re not ready!’ Leon says, suddenly 
sounding panicked. ‘What if— Does she—’ 

‘Leon. Breathe.’ 

More silence. I can hear the distant sound of Leon taking deep, 
slow breaths. My cheeks are starting to hurt from supressing an 
enormous grin. 

‘She’s an amazing lawyer,’ I tell him. ‘And she wouldn’t take the 
case if she didn’t think Richie stood a chance. Really,’ 

‘Don’t do this to me if she’s going to — to pull out, or. . > His voice 
comes out strangled, and my stomach twists in sympathy. 

Tm not telling you she’s definitely going to get him out of there, 
but I think there’s reason to hope again. I wouldn’t say that if I 
didn’t mean it.’ 

He lets out a long, slow breath, half-laughing. ‘Does Richie know?’ 

‘Not yet, I don’t think. She wrote to him yesterday — how long do 
letters take to get there?’ 

‘Depends — they tend to get held up at prison before they get to 
him. It means I get to tell him myself, though, when he next calls.’ 

‘Gerty will want to talk to you about the case soon too,’ I say. 

‘A lawyer who wants to talk about Richie’s case,’ Leon says. 
‘Lawyer. Who. Wants. To...’ 

‘Yeah,’ I interrupt, laughing. 

‘Tiffy, he says, suddenly serious. ‘I cannot thank you enough.’ 


‘No, shh,’ I begin. 

‘Really. It’s . . . I cannot tell you how much this means to - to 
Richie. And to me.’ 

‘I just passed on Richie’s letter.’ 

‘That was more than anyone else has done off their own back for 
my brother.’ 

I fidget. ‘Well, you tell Richie he owes me a letter.’ 

‘He’ll write. I should go. But — thank you. Tiffy. I’m so glad it was 
you, and not the drug-dealer or the man with the hedgehog.’ 

‘Pardon?’ 


‘Don’t worry, he says quickly. ‘See you later.’ 


32 


Leon 


New string of notes (Tiffy always uses several. Never has enough 
room): 


Leon, can I ask . .. What’s the deal with the neighbours?! I’ve only ever 
seen the strange man in Flat 5 (do you think he knows about the hole in 
those trackies, by the way? He lives alone, maybe nobody has told him!). I 
think Flat 1 is those two old ladies who hang out at the bus stop on the 
corner reading gory true crime novels. But what about Flat 4 and 2? xx 


* 


Flat 4 is nice middle-aged man with unfortunate crack habit. Always 
assumed Flat 2 belongs to the foxes. x 


Written on back of draft manuscript on coffee table: 


Ah, yes! The foxes. Well, I hope they’re paying rent. Did you notice Fatima 
Fox has had three little cubs?! 


Below: 


. . . Fatima Fox? 

And, speaking of rent. Have an alert in my phone saying we’ve hit six 
months since you moved in. Technically end of your lease I think? You want 
to stay? 


Then, added that evening, post-sleep: 


As in, hope you want to stay. Don’t need the money so badly any more 
what with scarf sales and new, unbelievably excellent free lawyer. But not 
sure what flat would look like without you in it now. Could not survive 
without beanbag, for starters. x 


Beneath this, Tiffy has sketched a group of foxes on a sofa, with 
heading Flat 2. Each fox is carefully labelled. 


Fatima Fox! She’s the mama fox. The chief vixen, if you will. 

Florentina Fox. The cheeky second-in-command. Her usual haunt is the 
smelly corner by the bins. 

Fliss Fox. The whimsical young chancer. Generally found attempting to 
enter the building via a window. 

Fabio Fox. The resident dog fox. (This is actually what male foxes are 
called but I do also imagine he’s a bit of a dog.) 

The new babies, as yet unnamed by me. Would you like to do the 
honours? 


Below this: 


Yes, please, the beanbag and I would love to stay a while longer. Shall we 
say another six months? xx 


Another six months. Perfect. Done x 
New note, beside empty tiffin tray: 


I’m sorry, WHAT? Noggle, Stanley and Archibald? 
They don’t even begin with F! 


Same note, now left beside large plate of shepherd’s pie: 


What can I say. Fabio Fox liked Noggle. The other two were Fatima’s idea. 
Also, sorry, couldn’t help noticing recycling bin contents when putting it 
out today. Are you OK? x 


Shepherd’s pie all gone. New note: 


Yeah, don’t worry, I’m actually really good. A purge of ex-related 
memorabilia was long overdue, and it has also freed up a lot more under- 
bed space for storing scarves. (In case you were wondering, we’re really not 
Team Ex any more.) xx 


Ah, no? Must say I’d become less keen on Ex anyway. Well, more scarf 
space is certainly welcome. Got my foot caught in one yesterday — it was 
lying on bedroom floor waiting to snag the unwary. x 

Oops, sorry, sorry, I know I must stop leaving clothes on the bedroom floor! 
Also, apologies if this is way too personal but have you bought, like, 
ENTIRELY new boxers? Suddenly all the old ones with amusing cartoon 
characters are never on the clothes horses, and the flat has become an 
homage to Mr Klein whenever you do laundry. 


And while we’re on the subject of exes . . . Have you heard anything from 


Kay? xx 


New double Post-it. Very occasionally, I run out of room. Also, 
thought quite hard about what to say in this one. 


Saw her last weekend, at an old friend’s wedding. Was weird. Nice. 
Chatted as friends, and felt good. Richie was right: relationship had ended 
long before it ended. 

Eh. Yes, did a general clothes overhaul. Realised I hadn’t bought new 
clothes in approx. five years. Also, became suddenly aware that a woman 
lives in this flat and sees my laundry. 

Seems you’ve been shopping too. I like the blue and white dress on the 
back of the door. Looks like the sort one of the Famous Five might wear for 
going on adventures. x 
Thanks © It feels like the perfect time for an adventure dress. It’s summer, 
I’m single, the foxes are frolicking across the tarmac, the pigeons are 


singing from the drainpipes . . . Life. Is. Good. xx 


33 


Tiffy 


I’m sitting on the balcony crying like a toddler who’s dropped their 
ice cream. Full on, stuttering, mouth-pulled-wide crying. 

The sudden rememberings are striking at entirely random times 
now, just bobbing up out of nowhere and sending me absolutely 
reeling. This one was particularly nasty: I was minding my own 
business heating up some soup, and then BAM, up it popped - the 
night Justin came around in February, before the Facebook message, 
and brought Patricia. He’d looked at me with total disgust, barely 
saying a word to me. Then, when Patricia was out in the hallway, 
he’d kissed me goodbye on the lips, one hand on the back of my 
neck. Like I was his. For a moment, as I was remembering it, I felt 
with absolute horror that I still was. 

So. Despite me being technically much happier, this remembering 
thing keeps happening and ruining it. It is clear that I have some 
problems to confront here, and my diversionary tactics are no 


longer serving me. I have to think about this. 


Thinking time means I need Mo and Gerty. They arrive together, 
an hour or so after I text them. As Gerty pours out glasses of white 
wine, I realise I’m nervous. I don’t want to talk. But then once I start 
I can’t really stop, and it all comes out in this big garbled mess: the 
memories, the old stuff from the very start, all of it right through to 
the flowers he sent me last week. 

Eventually I trail off, exhausted. I down the rest of the glass of 
wine. 

‘Let’s not beat around the bush,’ says Gerty, who has literally never 
beaten around a single bush in her whole life. ‘You’ve got a crazy 
ex-boyfriend, and he knows where you live.’ 

My pulse starts to quicken; it feels as if there’s something trapped 
in my chest. 

Mo shoots Gerty the sort of look that usually only Gerty is allowed 
to give people. ‘TlH talk,’ he says, ‘and you can be in charge of the 
wine. OK?’ 

Gerty looks as if someone’s just slapped her in the face. But then, 
curiously, she turns her head away from him, and from where I’m 
sitting I can see she’s smiling. 

Weird. 

‘I wish I hadn’t said I’d go for a drink with him in October,’ I say, 
faced with Mo’s listening face. “Why did I say that?’ 

Tm not sure you did say that, did you? I think he chose to take it 
that way,’ Mo says. ‘But you don’t have to see him. You don’t owe 
him anything.’ 

‘Do you two remember all of this?’ I ask abruptly. ‘I’m not 


imagining it?’ 


Mo pauses for a moment, but Gerty doesn’t miss a beat. 

‘Of course we do. I remember every bloody minute of it. He was 
vile to you. He’d tell you where to be and how to get there, and then 
he’d walk you there because you wouldn’t be able to find your way 
on your own. He’d make every argument your fault, and he 
wouldn’t give up until you were sorry. He’d ditch you and then pick 
you up again at a moment’s notice. He told you you were 
overweight and weird and nobody else would want you, even 
though you are clearly a goddess of a woman and he ought to have 
felt lucky to have you. It was terrible. We hated him. And if you 
hadn’t banned me from talking about him, I would have told you 
that every bloody day.’ 

‘Oh,’ I say, in a small voice. 

‘Is that how it felt to you?’ Mo asks, with the air of a handyman 
with limited tools trying to patch up the damage done by a bomb 
going off. 

‘|... l remember being really happy with him,’ I say. ‘As well as 
being, you know, really bloody miserable.’ 

‘He wasn’t horrible to you all the time,’ Gerty begins. 

‘He wouldn’t have been able to keep you with him if he was,’ Mo 
goes on. ‘He knew that. He’s a smart guy, Tiffy. He knew how to...’ 

‘... play you,’ Gerty finishes. 

Mo winces at her choice of words. 

‘But I think we were happy together once.’ I don’t know why this 
feels important. I don’t like the thought of everyone seeing me in 
that relationship and thinking I was an idiot for being with 


someone who treated me that way. 


‘Sure,’ Mo says, nodding. ‘Especially at the start.’ 

‘Right,’ I say. ‘At the start.’ 

We sip our wine in silence for a while. I feel very odd. Like I ought 
to be crying, and I sort of want to be crying, but there’s a strange 
tightness in my eyes that’s making tears impossible. 

‘Well. Thanks. You know, for trying. And sorry for... making you 
stop talking about him,’ I say, looking down at my feet. 

‘It’s all right. At least that meant you would still see us,’ Mo says. 
‘You had to come to this on your own, Tiff. As tempting as it was to 
bulldoze in and whisk you away from him, you would have just 
gone back.’ 

I muster the courage to glance up at Gerty. She holds my gaze; her 
expression is fierce. I can’t imagine how hard she found it sticking 
to her word and not mentioning Justin. 

I wonder how on earth Mo persuaded her to leave me to do this on 
my own. He was right, though - I would have just pushed them 
away if they'd told me to leave Justin. The thought is faintly 
nauseating. 

‘You're doing great, Tiff,’ Mo says, topping up my wine. ‘Just hold 
on to what yow’re figuring out. It might be hard to remember it all 
the time, but it’s important. So do your best.’ 

Somehow, when Mo says something, it seems to make it true. 

It is so hard to remember. One week with no sudden memories or 
random Justin appearances, and I waver. I wobble. I almost topple 
altogether and decide I made the whole thing up. 

Thankfully Mo is there to talk to. We go through incidents as I 


remember them - shouted arguments, subtle jabs, the even subtler 
ways my independence was eroded. I can’t believe how not-OK my 
relationship with Justin was, but even more than that, I can’t 
believe I hadn’t noticed. I think that will take a while to sink in in 
itself. 

Thank God for friends and flatmates. Leon has no idea this is all 
going on, of course, but seems to have clocked that I need some 
distraction — he’s cooking more, and if we don’t speak for a while 
he’ll start a new thread of notes. It used to always be me that did 
that - I get the feeling that initiating conversation is not something 
Leon is particularly keen on doing, as a rule. 

This one is on the fridge when I get home from work with Rachel, 
who’s come around so I can cook her dinner (she says I owe her 
indefinite free meals because I’ve ruined her life by commissioning 
Crochet Your Way): 


Hunt for Johnny White is going poorly. Got drunk under the table by 
Johnny White the Fourth at very grimy pub near Ipswich. Nearly had a 
repeat of our memorable bathroom collision: slept in and was extremely 
late x 


Rachel raises her eyebrows at me, reading it over my shoulder. 
‘Memorable, eh?’ 

‘Oh, shut up. You know what he means.’ 

‘I believe I do,’ she says. ‘He means: I keep thinking about you in 
your underwear. Do you think about me naked?’ 

I chuck an onion at her. ‘Dice that and make yourself useful,’ I say, 
but I can’t help smiling. 


SEPTEMBER 


34 


Leon 


Already September. Summer starting to cool. Never thought it 
possible that time could pass quickly when Richie was in prison, but 
he says the same - his days move like they should, instead of 
dragging and trailing and forcing him to feel every minute. 

It’s all because of Gerty. I’ve only met her a few times, but we 
speak on the phone every few days; often the solicitor joins the call 
too. Barely ever spoke to last solicitor. This one seems to be 
endlessly doing things. Amazing. 

Gerty is brusque beyond the point of rudeness, but I like her - she 
does not seem to have the capacity for bullshitting (opposite of 
Sal?). She’s often in the flat, and has taken to joining Tiffy in writing 
me notes. Thankfully, though, it’s very easy to tell them apart. 
These two are side by side on breakfast bar: 


Hey! I’m sorry to hear about that two-day hangover — I feel your pain, and 
recommend Wotsits. However . .. no WAY does your hair get curlier on 


hangover days! That just can’t be a thing, because there is no upside to a 
hangover. And, from my limited knowledge of what you look like, I’m 
betting the curlier your hair is the cooler you look. xx 

Leon — tell Richie to call me. He has not supplied me with the answers to 

the ten-page list of enquiries I sent him last week. Please remind him that I 

am an extremely impatient person who is usually paid a lot for reviewing 

things. G 
On way back from the last Richie visit, I popped in to see a Johnny 
White. He lives in a care home north of London, and, within 
moments, I felt sure he was not our guy. Wife and seven children 
was strong sign (though, obviously, not conclusive), but then, after a 
very difficult conversation, I discovered he only served in the army 
for three weeks before being shipped home with a gangrenous leg. 

This resulted in a long conversation about gangrene. Felt a lot like 
being at work, except much more awkward. 

The following week Mr Prior is unwell. Find myself surprisingly 
distressed. Mr Prior is a very old man - it’s entirely to be expected. 
My job is to make him comfortable. Has been from the first day I 
met him. But I always thought I’d find him the love of his life before 
he had to go, and none of my five Johnny Whites has been any use 
at all. Three to go, but still. 

I was naive. Pretty sure Kay said so at the time. 


* 


On the boiler: 


So, if you’ve reached this point, you’ve probably figured out that the boiler 


is broken. But don’t worry, Leon, I have excellent news for you! I’ve already 
called a plumber and she is going to come tomorrow evening to sort it. 
Until then you'll have to shower in ICE-COLD WATER but actually if you’ve 
come to look at the boiler you may well have already done that, in which 
case, the worst is over. I recommend curling up in the beanbag with a hot 
cup of spiced apple tea (yes, I bought a new fruit tea; no, we don’t already 
have too many in the cupboard) and our lovely Brixton blanket. That’s 
what I did, and it worked a treat xx 


Not sure how I feel about it being our Brixton blanket, assuming 
she means the ratty multi-coloured thing I’m always having to 
throw off the bed. Is definitely one of the worst objects in the flat. 

Settle down on beanbag with latest variety of fruit tea and think 
about Tiffy, here, in this spot, just a few hours before me. Wet hair, 
bare shoulders. Wrapped in just a towel and this blanket. 

Blanket isn’t so bad. It’s . . . characterful. Quirky. Maybe I’m 


coming round to it. 


35 


Tiffy 


This is my first session with Someone Other Than Mo. 

Mo himself suggested it. He said it would benefit me to do proper 
counselling and talk to a person who didn’t already know me. And 
then Rachel told me that, unbelievably, our employee benefits 
actually include up to fifteen sessions of counselling, paid for by 
Butterfingers. I have no idea why they’re willing to provide that but 
not pay above minimum wage - maybe they’re sick of employees 
leaving on stress. 

So here I am. It is very weird. Someone Other Than Mo is called 
Lucie and is wearing a gigantic cricket jumper as a dress, which 
obviously immediately makes me like her and ask her where she 
shops. We talked about vintage stores in South London for a while, 
and then she got me a water, and now here we are, in her office, 
facing one another in matching armchairs. I’m extremely nervous, 
though I haven’t got a clue why. 

‘So Tiffy, what was it that made you want to come and see me 


today?’ Lucie asks. 

I open my mouth and close it again. God, there’s so much to 
explain. Where do I even begin? 

‘Just start with that,’ Lucie says. She has Mo’s mindreading skills, 
clearly — they must teach them that when they’re accredited. “The 
thing that made you want to pick up the phone and make an 
appointment.’ 

‘I want to fix whatever the hell it was my ex-boyfriend did to me,’ I 
say, and then pause, startled. How have I managed to say that 
outright to a complete stranger within five minutes of meeting her? 
How embarrassing. 

But Lucie doesn’t even blink. ‘Sure,’ she says. ‘Would you like to 
tell me a bit more about that?’ 

x 
‘Are you healed?’ Rachel asks me, plonking a coffee down on my 
desk. 

Ah, coffee, elixir of the overworked. Recently it has overtaken tea 
in my affections — a sign of how little I’m sleeping. I blow Rachel a 
kiss as she makes her way over to her screen. As per usual, we 


continue the conversation on instant messenger. 


Tiffany [09:07]: It was really weird. I literally told her the most 
embarrassing stuff about me within like ten minutes of meeting 
her. 

Rachel [09:08]: Did you tell her about when you vomited in your 
hair on the night bus? 

Tiffany [09:10]: Well, that didn’t actually come up. 

Rachel [09:11]: How about the time you broke that guy’s penis at 


university? 

Tiffany [09:12]: Didn’t come up either. 

Rachel [09:12]: That’s what he said. 

Tiffany [09:13]: Does that joke work? 

Rachel [09:15]: Well, anyway, I am now reassured that I know more 
of your embarrassing secrets than this new imposter into your 
affections. OK. Go on. 

Tiffany [09:18]: She didn’t really say much. Even less than Mo does. 
I thought she’d tell me what was wrong with me. But instead I kind 
of figured some stuff out all on my own ... which I totally couldn’t 
have done without her sitting there. So weird. 

Rachel [09:18]: What kind of stuff? 

Tiffany [09:19]: Like . . . Justin was cruel sometimes. And 
controlling. And other bad stuff. 

Rachel [09:22]: Can I just say, I officially stand corrected on the 
Justin issue. Gerty is right. He’s scum of the earth. 

Tiffany [09:23]: You realise you just typed ‘Gerty is right”? 

Rachel [09:23]: I forbid you to tell her. 

Tiffany [09:23]: Screenshot already sent. 

Rachel [09:24]: Bitch. All right, so you'll go again? 

Tiffany [09:24]: Three sessions this week. 

Rachel [09:24]: Blimey. 

Tiffany [09:25]: I have this fear that because the first flashback 
happened when that Ken guy kissed me... 

Rachel [09:26]: Yes? 

Tiffany [09:26]: What if that’s what happens now? What if Justin 
has, like, reprogrammed me, and I WILL NEVER BE ABLE TO KISS A 


MAN AGAIN?! 

Rachel [09:29]: I mean, that is fucking terrifying. 

Tiffany [09:30]: Thanks Rachel. 

Rachel [09:31]: You should see someone about that. 

Tiffany [09:33]: [glaring emoji] Thank you, Rachel. 

Rachel [09:34]: Oh, come on. I know that made you laugh. As in, I 
literally just watched you laugh and then try and turn it into a 
cough when you realised the head of Editorial was walking past. 

Tiffany [09:36]: Did it work, do you think? 

‘Tiffy? Do you have a minute?’ calls the head of Editorial. 

Shit. ‘Do you have a minute’ is always bad. If it was urgent but 
non-problematic, he’d just shout it across the room or send me an 
email with one of those passive-aggressive red exclamation marks 
on it. No, ‘do you have a minute’ means it’s confidential, and that 
almost certainly means it’s worse than just sniggering at my desk 
because I’m messaging Rachel about kissing. 

What’s Katherin done? Has she uploaded a picture of her vagina 
on Twitter, as she threatens to do literally every time I ask her to do 
another interview at Martin’s request? 

Or is it one of the many, many books that I have completely 
ignored in the madness that has been Crochet Your Way? I can’t even 
remember their titles any more. I’ve shifted pub dates like I’ve been 
playing Bananagrams, and I definitely haven’t run the changes by 
the head of Editorial. It'll be that, won’t it? I’ve ignored someone’s 
book for so long that it’s actually gone to print without any words 
in it. 


‘Sure,’ I say, pushing away from my desk in what I hope is a brisk 


and professional manner. 

I follow him into his office. He closes the door behind me. 

‘Tiffy, he begins, perching on the edge of his desk. ‘I know it’s 
been a busy few months for you.’ 

I swallow. ‘Oh, it’s been fine,’ I say. “Thanks, though!’ 

He gives me a slightly odd look at this point, which is entirely 
understandable. 

‘You’ve done a fantastic job with Katherin’s book,’ he says. ‘It 
really is a stellar piece of publishing. You spotted that trend - no, 
you shaped it. Really, top notch.’ 

I blink, bewildered. I neither spotted that trend nor shaped it - I’ve 
been publishing crochet books ever since I started at Butterfingers. 

‘Thanks?’ I say, feeling a bit guilty. 

‘We’re so impressed with your recent work, Tiffy, that we’d like to 
promote you to editor,’ he says. 

It takes a good few seconds for the words to sink in, and when 
they do, I make a very peculiar choking noise. 

‘Are you all right?’ he asks, frowning. 

I clear my throat. ‘Fine! Thanks!’ I squeak. ‘I mean, I just didn’t 
expect... 

. . ever to get promoted. Literally, ever. I had entirely given up 
hope. 

‘It’s extremely well deserved,’ he says, smiling benevolently. 

I manage to smile back. I don’t really know what to do with 
myself. What I want to do is ask how much more money I'll be 
getting, but there’s no dignified way to ask that question. 

‘Thanks so much,’ I gush instead, and then I feel a bit pathetic, 


because let’s be honest they should have promoted me two years 
ago, and it’s undignified to grovel. I draw myself up to my full 
height and give him a more purposeful smile. ‘I’d better get back to 
work,’ I say. Senior people always like to hear you say that. 
‘Absolutely,’ he says. ‘HR will send over details of the salary 
increase et cetera.’ 
I like the sound of that et cetera. 
Congratulations on the promotion! Better late than never? Made you 
mushroom stroganoff to celebrate. x 


I smile. The note is stuck on the fridge, which is already one layer 
deep in Post-its. My current favourite is a doodle Leon did, depicting 
the man in Flat 5 sitting on an enormous heap of bananas. (We still 
don’t know why he keeps so many banana crates in his parking 
space.) 

I rest my forehead against the fridge door for a moment, then run 
my fingers across the layers of paper scraps and Post-its. There’s so 
much here. Jokes, secrets, stories, the slow unfolding of two people 
whose lives have been changing in parallel - or, I don’t know, in 
synch. Different times, same place. 


I reach for a pen. 


Thank you © I’ve been doing a lot of celebratory dancing around the flat, 
just so you know. Like, seriously uncool, trying-to-moonwalk dancing. I 
can’t imagine that’s something you ever partake in, somehow .. . 

Can I ask what you’re up to this weekend? I’m guessing you'll be staying 
at your mum’s again? I just wondered if you wanted to maybe go out for a 


drink or something to celebrate with me. xx 


Waiting for the reply makes me wish, for the very first time, that 
Leon and I communicated via WhatsApp like normal people. I’d kill 
for a little double blue tick right now. Then, when I get home, 
pasted carefully below my note on the fridge: 


Am partial to the occasional moonwalk from kitchen to living room. 


Can’t come for a drink unfortunately as I’m off hunting Johnny Whites. 
This one is in Brighton. 


Then, just below, but in a different coloured pen: 


Might be ridiculous idea but if you fancy a trip to the seaside you could 
come too? 


I’m standing in the kitchen, facing the fridge, absolutely beaming. 


Pd love to come! I totally love the seaside. It legitimises wearing a sunhat, 
for starters, or carrying a parasol, which are both wonderful things that I 
do NOT get to do enough. Where do you want to meet? xx 


The response takes two days to come. I wonder if Leon is losing his 
nerve, but then, eventually, scribbled fast in blue ink: 


Victoria station at half ten on Saturday. It’s a date! X 


36 


Leon 


It’s a date? It’s a date?! 

What has happened to me? Should have written see you there. 
Instead, I said it’s a date. Which it’s not. Probably. Also, am not a 
person who says things like it’s a date, even when it is. 

Rub eyes and fidget on the spot. I’m under the departure boards at 
London Victoria station, along with a hundred or so other people, 
but while they’re all staring up at the boards, I’m keeping my eyes 
on the exit from the underground. Wonder if Tiffy will recognise 
me when I’ve got clothes on. On that point: it’s a freakishly warm 
day for September. Should not have worn jeans. 

Check directions from Brighton station are loaded up on my 
phone. Check time. Check train platform. Fidget some more. 

When she finally appears, there’s no danger of missing her. She’s 
in a canary yellow jacket and tight trousers; her orange-red hair is 
thrown over her shoulders and bounces as she walks. She’s also 
taller than most of the people streaming all around her, and is 


wearing yellow sandals with a heel, giving her an extra few inches 
on the general population. 

She seems entirely oblivious of how many eyes she catches as she 
walks by, which only makes the whole effect more attractive. 

Smile and wave as she spots me. Proceed to stand awkwardly 
smiling as she approaches, then, at this extremely late moment, am 
struck by question of whether we should hug hello. Could have 
spent last ten minutes of waiting time debating this. Instead, have 
left it until she is right in front of me, eye to eye, her cheeks flushed 
from the stuffy heat hanging in the station air. 

She hangs back; too late for a hug. 

Tiffy: Hey. 

Me: Hi. 

And then, simultaneously: 

Tiffy: Sorry I’m late— 

Me: Not seen those yellow shoes before— 

Tiffy: Sorry, you go. 

Me: Don’t worry, you’re hardly late. 

Thank God she spoke over me. Why would I draw attention to the 
fact I am familiar with most of her shoes? Sounds extremely creepy. 

We walk to the platform side by side. I keep glancing at her; can’t 
get over how tall she is, for some reason. Didn’t imagine her tall. 

Tiffy looks sideways at me, catches my eye, and smiles. 

Tiffy: Not what you expected? 

Me: Sorry? 

Tiffy: Me. Am I what you expected? 

Me: Oh, I— 


Tiffy quirks an eyebrow. 

Tiffy: As in, before you saw me last month. 

Me: Well, didn’t expect you to be so... 

Tiffy: Big? 

Me: I was going to say naked. But also tall, yes. 

Tiffy laughs. 

Tiffy: I wasn’t as naked as you were. 

Me, wincing: Don’t remind me. I’m so sorry for— 

Ahhh. How to finish that sentence? It might be my imagination, 
but her cheeks seem to be flushed a little pinker. 

Tiffy: Seriously, it was my fault. You were just innocently 
showering. 

Me: Not your fault. Everyone oversleeps. 

Tiffy: Especially when they’ve drunk pretty much a whole bottle of 
gin. 

We're on the train now, so conversation stops as we move down 
the aisle. She chooses us a table seat; in a split second, I decide it’s 
less awkward to sit facing one another rather than side by side, but 
as I slide into the seat, realise my mistake. This way is very eye- 
contacty. 

She slips off her jacket; underneath she’s wearing a blouse covered 
in enormous green flowers. Her arms are bare, and the blouse drops 
to a low V across her chest. My inner teenager attempts to take 
control of my gaze and I just about catch myself in time. 

Me: So - whole bottle of gin? 

Tiffy: Oh yeah. Well, I was at this book launch, then Justin turned 
up, and - anyway, lots of gin was involved in the aftermath. 


Frown. 

Me: The ex? That’s . . . weird? 

Tiffy shakes her hair out and looks a little uneasy. 

Tiffy: I thought that too at first, and wondered if he’d tracked me 
down or something, but if he wanted to see me he could have just 
come to my work - or, apparently, my flat, judging by that bunch of 
flowers. I’m clearly just paranoid. 

Me: Did he say that? That you were paranoid? 

Tiffy, after a pause: No, he never said that exactly. 

Me, catching up: Wait. You didn’t tell him where you live? 

Tiffy: No. I’m not sure how he found me. Facebook or something, 
probably. 

She rolls eyes like it’s a minor irritation, but I’m still frowning. 
This doesn’t sound right. Have nasty suspicion I know men like this 
from my mother’s life. Men who tell you you're crazy for getting 
suspicious of their behaviour, who know where you live when you 
don’t expect them to. 

Me: Were you together long? 

Tiffy: A couple of years. It was all very intense, though. Lots of 
breaking up and shouting and crying and things. 

She looks slightly surprised at herself, opens her mouth as though 
to correct that, then thinks better of it. 

Tiffy: Yeah. It was about two years in all. 

Me: And your friends don’t like him? 

Tiffy: They never did, actually. Not even at the start. Gerty said she 
got ‘bad vibes’ even when she only saw him from far away. 


Am liking Gerty more and more. 


Tiffy: Anyway, so he turned up and tried to whisk me off 
somewhere for a drink to explain everything away, as per. 

Me: You said no? 

Tiffy nods. 

Tiffy: I said he has to wait a while to ask me out for a drink. A 
couple of months, at least. 

Tiffy looks out of the window, eyes flicking as she watches London 
slide away around us. 

Tiffy, quietly: I just didn’t feel like I could say no. Justin’s like that. 
He makes you want what he wants. He’s very . . . I don’t know. He 
Owns a room straight away, you know? He’s forceful. 

Try to ignore warning sirens in my head. I’m not liking this 
situation at all. Hadn’t got this sense of things from the notes - but 
maybe Tiffy herself hadn’t got this sense of things until recently. It 
can take people time to notice and process emotional abuse. 

Tiffy: Anyway! Sorry. God. Weird. 

She smiles. 

Tiffy: This is a very deep conversation to have with someone 
you've only just met. 

Me: We’ve not just met. 

Tiffy: True. There was the memorable bathroom collision. 

Another eyebrow quirk. 

Me: I meant, it feels like we’ve known each other ages. 

Tiffy smiles at that. 

Tiffy: It does, doesn’t it? I guess that’s why it’s so easy to talk. 

Yes. It’s true: it is easy to talk, which is even more surprising to me 
than to her, probably, because there are about three people in the 


world I find it easy to talk to. 


37 


Tiffy 


I don’t understand what compelled me to go on about Justin like 
that. Pve not mentioned anything about the counselling or the 
flashbacks in my notes to Leon - those Post-its make me warm and 
fuzzy, I’m not ruining them with Justin crap — but suddenly now I’m 
face-to-face with him it feels natural to talk to him about the things 
occupying my thoughts. He just has one of those non-judgemental 
faces that make you want to, you know .. . share. 

We slip into silence as the train speeds through open countryside. 
I get the sense that Leon likes silence; it doesn’t feel as awkward as I 
would expect it to, more like this is his natural state. It’s strange, 
because when he talks, he’s really engaging, albeit in a quiet, 
intense sort of way. 

He’s looking out of the window, squinting against the sunlight, so 
I sneak a chance to look at him. He’s a little scruffy, in a worn grey 
T-shirt with a cord necklace around his neck that has the look of 
something he hardly ever takes off. I wonder what its significance 


is. Leon doesn’t strike me as the type to wear accessories for 
anything other than sentimental reasons. 

He catches me looking and meets my gaze. My stomach flutters. 
Suddenly the silence feels different. 

‘How’s Mr Prior?’ I blurt. 

Leon looks startled. ‘Mr Prior?’ 

‘Yeah. My life-saving knitter. The last time I spoke to him was at 
the hospice.’ I give him a wry smile. ‘When you were busy avoiding 
me.’ 

‘Ah.’ He rubs the back of his neck, looking down, then shoots me a 
little lopsided grin. It’s so quick I almost miss it. ‘Wasn’t my finest 
moment.’ 

‘Mmm.’ I pull a mock stern face. ‘Do I scare you, is that it?’ 

‘A bit.’ 

‘A bit! Why?’ 

He swallows, Adam’s apple bobbing, and pushes his hair back 
from his face. I think he’s nervous-fidgeting. It’s absolutely 
adorable. 

‘You’re very .. .. He waves a hand. 

‘Loud? Brash? Larger than life?’ 

He winces. ‘No,’ he says. ‘No, not that.’ 

I wait. 

‘Look,’ he says, ‘have you ever looked forward to reading a book so 
much you can’t actually start it?’ 

‘Oh, totally. All the time - if I had a grain of self-restraint I never 
would’ve been able to read the last Harry Potter book. The 
anticipation was painful. You know, like, what if it doesn’t live up to 


the last ones? What if it’s not what I hope it'll be?’ 

‘Right, well.’ He waves a hand at me. ‘I think it might have been. . 
. like that.’ 

‘But with me?’ 

‘Yeah. With you.’ 

I look down at my hands in my lap, trying very hard not to smile. 

‘As for Mr Prior .. .. Leon’s talking out of the window now. ‘I’m 
sorry. Can’t really talk about a patient.’ 

‘Oh, of course. Well, I hope we find his Johnny White. Mr Prior is 
lovely. He deserves a happy ending.’ 

As we rumble on, slipping in and out of comfortable conversation, 
I sneak more discreet little looks at Leon across the table. At one 
point our eyes meet in the window’s glass, and we both look away 
fast, like we’ve seen something we shouldn’t have. 

I’m just about feeling that all awkwardness has departed when we 
arrive at Brighton, but then he gets up to grab his rucksack from 
the overhead space and he’s suddenly standing, with his T-shirt 
riding up to show the dark band of his Calvin Klein boxers above 
his jeans, and I’m back to not knowing what to do with myself. I 
attempt to find the table very interesting. 

When we reach Brighton there’s a weak September sun shining; 
it’s not quite autumn yet. From outside the station I can see streets 
of white town houses stretching out ahead of us, dotted with the 
sorts of pubs and cafés that everyone in London would overpay to 
have on their street corner. 

Leon has arranged to meet Mr White on the pier. When we reach 
the seafront I let out an involuntary squeal of excitement. The pier 


stretches out into the grey-blue sea like this is a painting of one of 
those old seaside resorts where Victorians used to hang out in 
ridiculous knee-length swimwear. It’s perfect. I reach into my bag 
and get out my big, floppy, 1950s sunhat, yanking it on to my head. 

Leon looks at me with amusement. 

‘What a hat,’ he says. 

‘What a day,’ I counter, spreading my arms out wide. ‘No other 
headwear would do it justice.’ 

He grins. “To the pier?’ 

My hat bobs as I nod. “To the pier!’ 


38 


Leon 


We spot Johnny White without any difficulty. Very old man sitting 
on end of pier. Literally, right on the end, sitting on the railings 
with feet dangling over - I’m surprised nobody has had him moved. 
It looks pretty dangerous. 

Tiffy, on the other hand, is not worried. She bounces, sunhat 
flapping. 

Tiffy: Look! A Johnny White of my very own! I bet he’s the real 
deal. I can just tell. 

Me: Impossible. You can’t win on first go. 

But have to admit, Brighton-dweller is a better bet than weed- 
smoking Midlander was. 

Tiffy is over there before I’ve had time to collect my thoughts or 
consider the safest means of approaching; she climbs on to the 
railings to join him. 

Tiffy, to JW the Sixth: Hello, are you Mr White? 

The old man turns. He’s beaming. 


JW the Sixth: I am indeed. Are you Leon? 

Me: I’m Leon. Pleased to meet you, sir. 

JW the Sixth’s beam widens. 

JW the Sixth: The pleasure’s all mine! Will you join me? It’s my 
favourite spot. 

Me: Is it... safe? 

Tiffy has already swung her feet over. 

Me: Don’t people worry? About you jumping, or falling in? 

JW the Sixth: Oh, everyone here knows me. 

He gives a cheerful wave in the direction of the man running the 
candyfloss stall, who equally cheerfully flips him the bird. JW the 
Sixth chuckles. 

JW the Sixth: So what’s this family project, then? Are you my long- 
lost grandson, young man? 

Me: Unlikely. Though not impossible. 

Tiffy gives me a curious look. Doesn’t feel like the time to fill her 
in on the many gaps in my family history. I shift, uncomfortably 
warm; the heat is stronger here with the sun on the water, and I can 
feel sweat prickling on my hairline. 

Tiffy: We’re here for a friend. A...a Mr Prior? 

A seagull caws behind us, and Johnny White the Sixth gives a little 
start. 

JW the Sixth: You’re going to need to give me more than that, I’m 
afraid. 

Me: Robert Prior. Think he served in the same regiment as you 
during the— 

JW the Sixth’s smile drops. He holds up a hand to stop me. 


JW the Sixth: If you don’t mind, I would prefer you stopped there. 
That’s not... my favourite topic of conversation. 

Tiffy, smoothly: Hey Mr White, how about we go somewhere to 
cool off? I’ve not got the complexion for this sort of sunshine. 

She holds out her arms to show him. His smile returns slowly. 

JW the Sixth: An English rose! And what a beautiful one. 

He turns to me. 

JW the Sixth: You’re a lucky man, finding a woman like that. They 
don’t make ’em that way any more. 

Me: Oh, she’s not— 

Tiffy: ’m not— 

Me: We’re actually just... 

Tiffy: Flatmates. 

JW the Sixth: Oh! 

Looks between the two of us. Does not seem convinced. 

JW the Sixth: Anyhow. The best way to cool off around here is to 
go for a dip. 

He gestures towards the beach. 

Me: I didn’t bring trunks. 

But, at the same time, Tiffy is saying... 

Tiffy: I will if you will, Mr White! 

I stare at her. Tiffy is full of surprises. It’s rather disorientating. Not 
sure I like this idea. 

JW the Sixth, on the other hand, seems delighted at Tiffy’s 
proposal. She is already helping him back over the railings. I rush to 
help her, what with this being a very elderly man, very near a 
sudden drop. 


Walking down pier past rides and packed arcades gives me plenty 
of time to bottle it. 

Me: One of us had better look after our stuff. 

JW the Sixth: Don’t you worry about that. We’ll leave them with 
Radley. 

Radley turns out to be man with multi-coloured turban running 
old-school Punch and Judy stand. Tiffy shoots me a delighted look as 
we introduce ourselves and dump our bags. Isn’t this brilliant? she 
mouths at me. Can’t help smiling. This Johnny White is fast 
becoming my favourite, I have to admit. 

I follow Tiffy and Johnny as they weave their way between 
sunbathers and deckchairs on their way to the shoreline. Stop for a 
moment to kick off my shoes, the pebbles cool beneath my feet. Sun 
blazes low across the water and wet shingle shines silver. Tiffy’s hair 
burns red. Johnny White is wrestling off his shirt as he goes. 

And now ... Ahhh. Tiffy is too. 


39 


Tiffy 


I haven’t felt like this in way too long. In fact, if you’d asked me a 
few months ago, ld have told you I could only feel this way with 
Justin. This rush of doing something ridiculously spontaneous - the 
total aliveness of whirling yourself off-plan and shutting up all the 
bits of your brain that tell you why this isn’t a sensible idea . . . God, 
I’ve missed this. Laughing, tripping, my hair in my face, I wriggle 
out of my jeans and duck as Mr White chucks his shorts in the 
direction of our impromptu clothing pile. 

Leon is behind us; I glance back and he’s grinning too, so that’s 
good enough for me. Mr White is down to his briefs. 

‘Ready?’ I yell at him. It’s breezy out here; my hair whips my 
cheeks and the wind tickles the bare skin of my stomach. 

Mr White doesn’t need telling twice. He’s wading into the sea 
already - he can move very quickly for a man who must be at least 
ninety. I look back at Leon, who is still dressed, and looking at me 
in an unreadably muddled sort of way. 


‘Come on!’ I shout at him, running backwards into the water. I feel 
giddy, almost drunk. 

‘This is ridiculous!’ he calls. 

I hold my arms out wide. ‘What’s stopping you?’ 

It might be my imagination, and he’s pretty far away to tell, but 
his eyes don’t seem to be spending all their time on my face. I 
supress a smile. 

‘Come on!’ Johnny White shouts from the sea, where he’s already 
doing breaststroke. ‘It’s lovely!’ 

ʻI don’t have swimming trunks!’ Leon says, hovering in the 
shallows. 

‘What’s the difference?’ I yell, gesturing to my underwear, which - 
plain black, no lace this time - is pretty indistinguishable from the 
bikinis other people out here are wearing. I’m in up to my hips 
now, and I bite my lip against the cold of the water. 

‘Maybe nothing if you’re a woman, but it’s a little different if—’ 

Presumably Leon finishes his sentence, but I don’t hear the rest of 
it. Suddenly ’'m underwater, and all I can think about is a searing 
pain in my ankle. 

I shriek and swallow a gulp of seawater so salty it burns the back 
of my throat; my hands flail, and for a moment my good foot 
connects with the ground, but then my other foot tries to find 
purchase too, and the pain sends me falling again. I’m twisted, 
spinning; everything is flashes of water and sky. I must have twisted 
my ankle, some distant corner of my brain registers. Don’t panic, it 
tries to tell me, but it’s too late, I’m coughing up water and my eyes 


and throat are burning, I can’t turn, I can’t find my footing, my 


ankle roars with pain every time I move it as I try to swim— 

Someone’s trying to grab me. I can feel strong hands scrabbling to 
get a grip on my body; something knocks my bad ankle and I try to 
cry out, but it’s as if my throat’s closed up. It’s Leon, and he’s 
hauling me up out of the water, pulling me close; I reach for him 
and he stumbles, almost tumbling in with me, but he kicks out 
until he’s swimming, arms tight around my waist, and drags me 
closer to shore until he can find his footing. 

I’m so dizzy everything is sliding back and forth. I can’t breathe. I 
grip his sodden T-shirt, retching and coughing as he lays me down 
on the pebbles of the beach. I’m so tired — the kind of tired you get 
when you’ve been up all night because you’re sick, where your eyes 
just can’t bear to stay open. 

‘Tiffy, Leon is saying. 

I can’t stop coughing. There’s so much water lodged in my throat - 
I vomit great spurts of it on to the wet shingle, my vision still 
spinning, my head so heavy I can hardly keep it lifted. Distant, 
almost forgotten, my ankle throbs. 

I’m gasping. There can’t possibly be any more water inside me. 
Leon has smoothed my hair away from my face and is pressing his 
fingers gently into the skin of my neck as though checking for 
something, and now he’s wrapping me in my jacket, rubbing my 
arms with the fabric; it hurts my skin and I try to roll away from 
him, but he holds me tightly. 

‘You’re OK,’ he says. Above me, his face slides back and forth. 
‘Think you’ve sprained your ankle, Tiffy, and you swallowed a lot of 
water, but you’re going to be OK. Try to breathe more slowly if you 


d 


can. 

I do my best. Behind him appears the worried face of Johnny 
White the Sixth. He is struggling back into his jumper, trousers 
already back on. 

‘Is there somewhere warm nearby where we can take her?’ Leon 
asks him. 

‘The Bunny Hop Inn, just up there,’ Mr White says. I vomit again 
and rest my forehead on the pebbles. ‘I know the manager. She’ll 
give us aroom, no problem.’ 

‘Grand.’ Leon sounds perfectly calm. ‘I’m going to lift you, Tiffy. Is 
that OK?’ 

Slowly, my head pounding, I nod. Leon picks me up and carries me 
in both arms. My breathing slowing, I let my head fall against his 
chest. The beach passes in a blur around me; faces are turned our 
way, shocked pink and brown splodges against the multi-coloured 
backdrop of towels and sunshades. I close my eyes - keeping them 
open makes me feel sicker. 

Leon swears under his breath. ‘Where are the steps?’ 

‘This way,’ Johnny White says, somewhere off to my left. 

I hear the screech of brakes and the rush of traffic as we cross the 
road. Leon is breathing hard, his chest rising and falling against my 
cheek. In contrast, my breathing is getting easier — that tightness in 
my throat and the weird heaviness in my lungs has lifted a little. 

‘Babs! Babs!’ Johnny White the Sixth is shouting. We’re inside, and 
the sudden warmth makes me realise how much I’m shivering. 

‘Thank you,’ Leon says. There’s commotion all around me. For a 


moment I’m embarrassed, and try to shift out of Leon’s arms to 


walk, but then my head lurches and I cling back on to his T-shirt 
again as he stumbles. ‘Easy there,’ he says. 

I cry out. He’s knocked my ankle into the bannister. He swears, 
pulling me closer so my head lolls back against his chest. 

‘Sorry, sorry, he says, backing up the stairs. I can see pale pink 
walls covered with paintings in ostentatious frames, all gilt and 
swirly bits, then a door, then Leon’s laying me down on a gloriously 
soft bed. Unfamiliar faces shift in and out of view. There’s someone 
dressed in a lifeguard’s kit; I blearily wonder if she’s been here this 
whole time. 

Leon is pulling the pillows up behind me, supporting my weight 
with one forearm. 

‘Can you sit up?’ he asks quietly. 

‘T... I try to talk, and start coughing, rolling on to my side. 

‘Careful.’ He shifts my sodden hair back behind my shoulders. ‘Are 
there any extra blankets in here?’ 

Someone is spreading thick, scratchy blankets over me. Leon is 
still tugging me up, trying to get me into a sitting position. 

‘TIl feel better if you’re upright,’ he says. His face is close to mine; I 
can see the start of stubble on his cheeks. He looks me right in the 
eyes. His are a soft dark brown that makes me think of Lindt 
chocolate. ‘Can you do that for me?’ 

I shift myself higher against the pillows and grab ineffectually at 
the blankets with freezing fingers. 

‘How about a tea to warm you up?’ he says, already looking around 
for someone to fetch one. One of the strangers slips out of the door. 
There’s no sign of Johnny White any more - I hope he’s gone to get 


himself some warm clothes - but there are still about a million 
people here. I cough again and turn my face away from all the 
staring faces. 

‘Let’s give her some space. Can we have everyone out, please? Yes, 
don’t worry,’ Leon says, getting up to usher people from the room. 
‘Just let me do an examination with a bit of peace and quiet.’ 

A lot of people say things about what to do if we need anything. 
They file out one by one. 

Tm so sorry,’ I say, as the door closes behind everyone. I cough; 
it’s still hard to talk. 

‘None of that,’ Leon says. ‘How are you feeling now?’ 

‘Cold and a bit achy. 

‘I didn’t see you go down. Do you remember if you banged your 
head on a rock or anything?’ 

He kicks off his shoes and pulls his feet up to sit cross-legged on 
the end of the bed. I notice, finally, that he’s soaking wet and 
shivering too. 

‘Shit, you’re drenched!’ 

‘Just reassure me you’ve not got brain fluid seeping out from 
anywhere. Then I'll go get changed, OK?’ 

I smile a little. ‘Sorry. No, I don’t think I banged my head. Just 
twisted my ankle.’ 

‘That’s good. And can you tell me where we are?’ 

‘Brighton.’ I look around. ‘Hey, and the only place I’ve ever been 
with nearly as much floral wallpaper as my mother’s house.’ The 
full sentence makes me cough, but it’s worth it to see Leon’s frown 
loosen a little, and his lopsided grin return. 


‘Tl take that as a correct answer. Can you tell me your full name?’ 

‘Tiffany Rose Moore.’ 

‘Didn’t know the middle name. Rose - it suits you.’ 

‘Shouldn’t you be asking me questions you know the answers to?’ 

‘I think I liked you better when you were all drowned and dopey.’ 
Leon leans forward, one hand raised, and lifts his palm to my cheek. 
It’s very intense and a little out of nowhere. I blink as he stares into 
my eyes, checking for something, I guess. ‘Are you feeling at all 
sleepy?’ he asks. 

‘Umm. Not really. I’m tired, but not in a sleepy way.’ 

He nods and then, a little belatedly, drops his hand from my 
cheek. Tm going to give my colleague a ring. She’s a doctor, and 
she’s just come off her rotation in Accident and Emergency, so she’ll 
know the drill with an ankle exam. Is that OK? Pretty sure it’s just a 
sprain from your history and what I’ve seen of how you’re moving, 
but we’d better check.’ 

‘Umm. Sure.’ 

It’s strange being in the room for a conversation between Leon and 
one of the doctors he works with. He’s no different — just as quiet 
and measured as when he speaks to me, with just the same lilting 
touch of an Irish accent — but he seems more... grown up. 

‘OK, it’s a pretty simple exam,’ Leon says, turning back to me once 
he’s hung up. His forehead is furrowed in a frown, and he perches 
on the bed again, shifting the blankets so he can reach my ankle. 
‘Are you happy for me to give it a go? See if you need to go to A&E? 

I swallow, suddenly a little nervous. ‘OK.’ 


He pauses, looking at me for a moment as if he’s wondering 


whether [ll change my mind, and my cheeks get hot. Then he 
slowly presses his fingers to the skin of my ankle, gently feeling for 
different points until I wince with pain. 

‘Sorry, he says, laying a cool hand on my leg. My skin goes 
goosepimply almost instantaneously, and I pull the blanket up, a 
little embarrassed. Leon twists my foot very gently from side to side, 
eyes moving from my ankle to my face as he tries to gauge my 
reaction. 

‘How painful is that, out of ten?’ he asks. 

‘I don’t know, like, six?’ I’m really thinking eight eight eight but I 
don’t want to seem pathetic. 

The corner of Leon’s mouth lifts a little and I get the impression 
he knows exactly what I’m doing. As he continues examining me, I 
watch his hands move over my skin, and I wonder why I’ve never 
realised how peculiarly intimate medical stuff like this is, how 
much of it’s about touch. I guess generally you’re in a GP’s surgery, 
not scantily clad and in a big double bed. 

‘Right.’ Leon sets my foot down gently. ‘I’d say you have officially 
sprained your ankle. You probably don’t need to bother with five 
hours in A&E, to be honest. But we can go if you’d like?’ 

I shake my head. I feel like I’m in safe hands right here. 

Someone knocks at the door, and then a middle-aged lady appears 
with two steaming mugs and a pile of clothes. 

‘Oh, perfect. Thank you.’ Leon grabs the mugs from her and passes 
one to me. It’s hot chocolate, and it smells amazing. 

‘I took the liberty of making yours an Irish one,’ the woman says, 
giving me a wink. ‘I’m Babs. How're you holding up?’ 


I take a deep, shuddering breath. ‘A lot better now I’m here. Thank 
you so much.’ 

‘Could you just stay with her while I change?’ Leon asks Babs. 

‘I don’t need... I start coughing again. 

‘Watch her like a hawk,’ Leon says warningly, and then he’s 
slipped off to the bathroom. 


40 


Leon 


Lean back on bathroom door, eyes closed. No concussion and a 
sprained ankle. Could have been much, much worse. 

Got time to think about how cold I am now; shrug off my wet 
clothes and turn the shower on to hot. I tap out a quick thank you 
text to Socha. Phone is thankfully still functional, if a little damp - 
it was in my trouser pocket. 

I get in the shower and make myself stand until I stop shivering. 
Remind myself that Babs is with her. Still, dress faster than I have 
ever dressed before, and don’t even bother with belt to keep up 
ridiculously oversized trousers that Babs has found for me; will just 
wear them low, 90s-style. 

When I head back into the bedroom, Tiffy has scraped her hair up 
into a bun. There’s a touch of pink in her lips and cheeks again. She 
smiles up at me and I feel something shift in my chest. Hard to 
describe. Maybe like a lock clicking into place. 

Me: How’s that hot chocolate going down? 


Tiffy pushes the other mug along the bedside table towards me. 

Tiffy: Try yours and see. 

Someone knocks at the door; I take the hot chocolate with me as I 
go to answer it. It’s Johnny White the Sixth, looking very worried 
and also wearing comically large trousers. 

JW the Sixth: How’s our girl? 

I have a feeling Tiffy becomes ‘our girl’ easily — she’s the sort of 
person distant relatives and absent neighbours still like to claim 
some credit for. 

Tiffy: ’'m fine, Mr White! Don’t you worry about me. 

She lapses into an ill-timed fit of wet coughing. JW the Sixth 
fidgets in the doorway, looking miserable. 

JW the Sixth: I’m so sorry. I feel responsible — it was my idea to go 
swimming. I should have checked you could both swim! 

Tiffy, once recovered: I can swim, Mr White. I just lost my footing 
and got a little panicked, that’s all. Blame the rock that knackered 
my ankle if you feel the need to blame something. 

JW the Sixth looks a little less anxious now. 

Babs: Well, you two are staying here tonight. No arguments. It’s on 
the house. 

Both Tiffy and I try to protest, but again Tiffy descends into 
spluttery half coughing, half retching, taking some of the sting out 
of our argument that she doesn’t need to stay in bed. 

Me: I should at least go — you don’t need me now that— 

Babs: Nonsense. It’s no extra bother to me, is it? Besides, Tiffy 
needs looking after, and my medical knowledge doesn’t extend 
much further than what a glass of whisky can do. John, do you want 


a lift home? 

JW the Sixth tries to argue his way out of this favour also, but Babs 
is one of those formidably nice people who will not take no for an 
answer. It’s a good five minutes before they agree and head out the 
door. When they’re gone the click of the door makes me breathe 
out in relief. Hadn’t realised how much I want quiet. 

Tiffy: Are you all right? 

Me: Fine. Just not a fan of... 

Tiffy: Commotion? 

I nod. 

Tiffy smiles, pulling her blankets up closer. 

Tiffy: You’re a nurse — how can you avoid it? 

Me: Work is different. But it still drains me. I need quiet 
afterwards. 

Tiffy: You’re an introvert. 

Make a face. I’m not a fan of those Myers-Briggs type things that 
tell you your personality type, like horoscopes for businesspeople. 

Me: Guess so. 

Tiffy: I’m the opposite. I can’t process anything without calling 
Gerty, or Mo, or Rachel. 

Me: You want to call someone now? 

Tiffy: Oh, shit, my phone was in my... 

She spots the pile of her clothes, brought up from the shoreline by 
one of the hundred helpful strangers who followed us up the beach 
in procession. Tiffy claps hands in glee. 

Tiffy: Would you pass my trousers? 

I hand them over and watch as she rummages in the pockets for 


her phone. 

Me: I’ll go get us some lunch. How long do you need? 

Tiffy pushes a few stray strands of hair back from her face, looking 
up at me, phone in hand. That clicked-in lock hums in my chest 
again. 

Tiffy: Half an hour? 

Me: Got it. 


41 


Tiffy 


‘Are you all right?’ is Mo’s first question. ‘Have you been to A&E? 

Gerty, on the other hand, is focused on the real issue. ‘Why didn’t 
you tell us about the bathroom incident before? Are you in love 
with this man you’re sharing a bed with, and hiding it because 
you're going to end up sleeping with him and I explicitly told you 
that the first rule of flatsharing is that you don’t sleep with your 
flatmate?’ 

‘Yes, Pm fine, and no, but Leon examined my ankle with some 
help from a friend of his who’s a doctor. I just need lots of rest, 
apparently. And whisky, depending on whose medical opinion 
you're asking.’ 

‘My question now,’ Gerty says. 

‘No, I’m not in love with him,’ I tell her, shifting my weight on the 
bed and wincing as my ankle throbs. ‘And I’m not going to sleep 
with him. He’s my friend.’ 

‘Is he single?’ 


‘Well, yes, actually. But—’ 

‘Sorry, but just to check, Tiffy, has anyone examined you for—’ 

‘Oh shut up, Mo,’ Gerty interrupts. ‘She’s with a trained nurse. The 
woman is fine. Tiffy, are you sure you’re not suffering from 
Stockholm Syndrome?’ 

‘Pardon?’ 

‘An A&E nurse is very different from a palliative care nurse—’ 

‘Stockholm Syndrome?’ 

‘Yes,’ Gerty says. ‘This man gave you a home when you were 
homeless. You are forced to sleep in his bed, and now you think you 
are in love with him.’ 

‘I don’t think I’m in love with him,’ I remind her patiently. ‘I told 
you, he’s my friend.’ 

‘But this was a date,’ Gerty says. 

‘Tiffy, you do seem fine, but I just want to double-check - I’m on 
NHS Choices now - can you weight-bear on that ankle?’ 

‘You with Google is not better than a nurse with a doctor on the 
phone,’ Gerty tells Mo. 

‘It wasn’t a date,’ I say, even though I’m pretty sure it was. I wish 
Mo and Gerty hadn’t got into this new habit of answering the phone 
together whenever they’re both home. I called Mo because I wanted 
to talk to Mo. It’s not that I don’t like talking to Gerty, it’s just that 
that is a very different experience, and not necessarily one you want 
after nearly drowning. 

‘You're going to need to explain this whole Johnny White thing to 
me again,’ Gerty says. 

I check the time on my phone screen. Only five minutes until Leon 


gets back with lunch. 

‘Listen, I have to go,’ I say. ‘But Mo, I’m fine. And Gerty, calm your 
protective instincts, please. He’s not trying to sleep with me or 
entrap me or lock me away in his basement, OK? In fact, I have very 
little reason to think that he’s at all interested in me.’ 

‘But you are interested in him?’ Gerty insists. 

‘Goodbye, Gerty! 

‘Look after yourself, Tiffy, Mo manages to say before Gerty hangs 
up (she’s not big on goodbyes). 

I dial Rachel’s number without pause. 

‘So the key point here,’ Rachel says, ‘is that you are yet to have an 
interaction with Leon that doesn’t involve you stripping down to 
your underwear.’ 

‘Umm.’ I’m grinning. 

‘You better keep your clothes on from now on. He’ll think you’re a 
— what’s it called when you're one of those men who likes exposing 
themselves in the park?’ 

‘Hey!’ I protest. ‘I do not—’ 

Tm just saying what everybody’s thinking, my friend. You’re 
definitely not about to kick the bucket?’ 

‘I feel fine really. Just achy and exhausted.’ 

‘All right then. In that case, make the most of your free hotel stay, 
and call me if you find yourself accidentally whipping your bra off 
during dinner.’ 

There’s a knock at the door. 

‘Shit. Got to go, bye!’ I hiss into the phone. ‘Come in,’ I call. I 


managed to put on the jumper Babs left me while Leon was out, so 
I’m now decent from the waist up, at least. 

Leon smiles at me and holds up a very full bag of what smells like 
fish and chips. I gasp in delight. 

‘Proper seaside food!’ 

‘And .. > He reaches into the bag and pulls out another one, 
handing it to me. I look inside: red velvet cupcakes with cream- 
cheese icing. 

‘Cake! The best kind of cake!’ 

‘Doctor’s orders.’ He pauses. ‘Well, Socha said, “get her some 
food”. The fried fish and cupcakes were a bit of artistic licence.’ 

His hair is nearly dry; the salt has turned it even curlier, and it 
keeps springing from behind his ears. He catches me watching him 
try and smooth it back and grins ruefully. 

‘You’re not meant to see me looking like this,’ he says. 

‘Oh, and this is exactly how youre meant to see me,’ I say, 
gesturing in the vague direction of my enormous baggy jumper, 


coe 


pale face and crazy matted hair. ‘““Drowned rat” is a favourite look 
of mine.’ 

‘Mermaid-like?’ Leon suggests. 

‘Funny you should mention that. I do actually have a fin under 
here,’ I say, patting the blanket over my legs. 

Leon smiles at that, spreading out the fish and chips on the bed 
between us. He kicks off his shoes and sits, careful to avoid my 
swollen ankle. 

The food is amazing. It’s just what I need, though I wouldn’t have 


known it until I smelled it. Leon got pretty much every add-on to 


fish and chips you can imagine - mushy peas, onion rings, curry 
sauce, pickled onions, even one of those plastic-looking sausages 
they always have behind the glass - and we eat our way through it 
all. When it comes to the cupcake, finishing the last mouthfuls 
requires serious mental effort. 

‘Nearly dying is exhausting,’ I declare, suddenly overcome by 
sleepiness. 

‘Nap,’ Leon tells me. 

‘You’re not worried about me falling asleep and never waking up 
again?’ I ask, eyelids already drooping. Being warm and full is 
amazing. lIl never take being warm and full for granted ever again. 

‘TIl just wake you every five minutes to check you’re not suffering 
from brain trauma,’ he says. 

My eyes fly open. ‘Every five minutes?’ 

He chuckles, already gathering up his stuff and heading for the 
door. ‘See you in a few hours.’ 

‘Oh. Nurses shouldn’t make jokes,’ I call after him, but I don’t 
think he hears me. Maybe I only think of saying it. I’m slipping off 
to sleep even as I hear the door close behind him. 

I wake with a jolt that sends a shock of pain through my ankle. 
Crying out, I look around me. Floral wallpaper. Am I at home? 
Who’s that man in the chair by the door, reading... 

‘Twilight?’ 

Leon blinks at me, putting the book down in his lap. ‘You went 
from unconscious to judgemental very quickly there.’ 

‘I did think this was a weird dream for a second,’ I say. ‘But my 


dream version of you would have much better book taste.’ 

‘It’s all Babs had to offer. How’re you feeling?’ 

I give the question some thought. My ankle is throbbing and my 
throat feels horribly sore and salty, but the ache in my head has 
disappeared. I can feel that my stomach muscles are going to be 
painful from all the coughing, though. 

‘Much better, actually.’ 

He smiles at that. He is very cute when he smiles. When he’s 
serious his face is a little severe — fine-boned brow, cheekbones, jaw 
— but when he’s smiling, it’s all soft lips and dark eyes and white 
teeth. 

I check the time on my phone, more to break eye contact than 
anything — I’m suddenly very aware that I’m lying in bed, hair 
mussed and bare legs only half hidden under the blankets. 

‘Half six?’ 

‘You were sleepy.’ 

‘What have you been doing this whole time?’ I ask him. He shows 
me his bookmark - he’s nearly read the whole of Twilight. 

‘This Bella Swan is a very popular lady, for one who declares 
herself to be so unattractive,’ he tells me. ‘Seems every single man 
in the book who isn’t her father is in love with her.’ 

I nod solemnly. ‘It’s very hard being Bella.’ 

‘Sparkly boyfriends can’t be easy,’ Leon agrees. ‘You want to try 
walking on that ankle of yours?’ 

‘Can’t I just stay in bed for ever?’ 

‘Dinner and more whisky if you can get downstairs.’ 


I shoot him a look. He looks back, perfectly placid, and I realise 


what an excellent nurse he must be. 
‘Fine. But you need to look away first, so I can put my trousers on.’ 
He doesn’t say anything about the fact that he’s already seen way 
too much for turning around to be necessary; he just swivels in the 
armchair and reopens Twilight. 


42 


Leon 


Definitely don’t get drunk. Am telling myself this on repeat, but still 
can’t stop sipping my drink. It’s a whisky on the rocks. Horrible. Or 
it would be if Babs hadn’t said it was on the house, which instantly 
made it much more appetising. 

We’re at a rickety wooden table with a sea view and a teapot with 
a big fat candle stuck in it. Tiffy is delighted with teapot candle 
holder. Cue animated conversation with waiting staff about interior 
design (or ‘interiors’, as they call it). 

Tiffy has her foot up and resting on a cushion, as per Socha’s 
orders. The other foot is now up too - she’s basically horizontal at 
the table, hair thrown back and blazing against the sunset over the 
sea. She’s like a Renaissance painting. Whisky has painted the 
colour back in her cheeks and brought a slight flush to the skin of 
her chest, which I can’t stop looking at whenever her attention is 
elsewhere. 

Have barely thought about anything but her all day, even before 


all the drowning started. Mr Prior’s search for Johnny White has 
shifted into the background - last week that project was what Kay 
would call my ‘fixation’. Now it feels like something I want because 
I’ve shared it with Tiffy. 

She’s telling me about her parents. Every so often she tips her 
head back, throws her hair further over the back of her chair, half 
closes her eyes. 

Tiffy: Aromatherapy is the only one that’s stuck. Mum did candle- 
making for a while, but there’s no money in that, and after a while 
she just sort of snapped and declared that she was buying the ones 
from Poundland again and nobody was allowed to tell her they told 
her so. Then she went through a really weird phase where she got 
into seances. 

That snaps me out of staring at her. 

Me: Seances? 

Tiffy: Yeah, you know, when you sit around a table and try to talk 
to dead people? 

Waiter appears at Tiffy’s foot’s chair. Looks at it, mildly puzzled, 
but doesn’t comment. You get the impression they’re used to all 
sorts here, including bedraggled people with their feet up as they 
eat. 

Waiter: Would you like a pudding? 

Tiffy: Oh, no, I’m stuffed, thanks. 

Waiter: Babs says it’s on the house. 

Tiffy, without pause: Sticky toffee pudding, please. 

Me: Same here. 

Tiffy: All this free stuff. It’s like a dream come true. I should drown 


more often. 

Me: Please don’t. 

She lifts her head to look at me properly, her eyes a little sleepy, 
and holds my gaze for a few seconds longer than is strictly 
necessary. 

Clear throat. Swallow. Flounder for subject. 

Me: Your mum did seances? 

Tiffy: Oh, yeah. So for a couple of years while I was at secondary 
school I’d come home to find all the curtains drawn and a bunch of 
people saying, ‘Please make yourself known’, and ‘Knock once for 
yes, twice for no’. I reckon at least sixty per cent of the visitations 
were actually just me getting home and chucking my bag in the 
cupboard under the stairs. 

Me: So what was after seances? 

Tiffy thinks about it. Sticky toffee pudding arrives; it’s enormous 
and drenched in toffee sauce. Tiffy makes an excited noise which 
makes my stomach clench. Ridiculous. Can’t be getting turned on 
by a woman moaning about pudding. Must pull self together. Sip 
more whisky. 

Tiffy, mouth full of pudding: She made curtains for a bit. But the 
upfront costs were massive, so that turned into making doilies. And 
then it was aromatherapy. 

Me: Is that why we have so many scented candles? 

Tiffy smiles. 

Tiffy: Yeah - the ones in the bathroom are all carefully chosen 
with scents that help you relax. 

Me: They have the opposite effect on me. Have to move them every 


time I want to shower. 

Tiffy gives me a cheeky look over her spoon. 

Tiffy: Some people are beyond aromatherapeutic help. You know, 
my mum chose my perfume too. It ‘reflects and enhances my 
personality’, apparently. 

I think of that first day when I walked into the flat and smelled 
her perfume - cut flowers and spice markets - and how odd it felt, 
having someone else’s scent in my flat. It’s never strange now. 
Would be odd to come home to anything else. 

Me: What’s that then? 

Tiffy, promptly: Top note rose, then musk, then clove. Which 
means, according to my mum... 

Crinkles her nose a little in thought. 

Tiffy: ‘Hope, fire, strength.’ 

Looks amused. 

Tiffy: That’s me, apparently. 

Me: Sounds about right. 

She rolls her eyes at that, having none of it. 

Tiffy: ‘Skint, mouthy, stubborn’ would be better - probably what 
she meant anyway. 

Me, definitely tipsy now: What would I be, then? 

Tiffy tilts her head. She looks right at me again, with an intensity 
that makes me half want to look away, half want to lean across the 
table and kiss her over the candle teapot. 

Tiffy: Well there’s hope in there, definitely. Your brother’s relying 
on it. 


That catches me by surprise. There are so few people who really 


know about Richie; even fewer who’ll bring him up unprompted. 
She’s watching me, testing for my reaction, like she’ll pull away if it 
hurts. I smile. Feels good to talk about him like this. Like it’s 
normal. 

Me: So I get rose smell in my aftershave? 

Tiffy makes a face. 

Tiffy: There’s probably a whole different set of smells if you’re a 
man. I am only versed in the art of perfumery for women, I’m 
afraid. 

I want to push her for the other words - want to hear what she 
thinks of me - but it’s conceited to ask. So we sit in silence instead, 
candle flame darting back and forth between us in its teapot, and I 
sip more whisky. 


43 


Tiffy 


I’m not drunk, but I’m not exactly sober, either. People always say 
swimming in the sea makes you hungry - well, nearly drowning in 
it makes you a lightweight. 

Plus, whisky on the rocks is really very strong. 

I can’t stop giggling. Leon is definitely tipsy too; he’s loosened up 
at the shoulders, and that lopsided smile is almost a permanent 
fixture now. Plus he’s stopped trying to smooth his hair down, so 
every so often a new curl breaks free and bobs up to stick out 
sideways. 

He’s telling me about when he was a kid, living in Cork, and the 
elaborate man-traps he and Richie would come up with to piss off 
their mum’s boyfriend (which is why I’m giggling). 

‘So, hang on, you’d string wire across the hall? Didn’t everyone 
else trip up too?’ 

Leon shakes his head. “We’d sneak out and set up after Mam had 
put us to bed. Whizz always stayed late at the pub. It was a real 


education in swearwords, hearing him trip over.’ 

I laugh. ‘His name was Whizz?” 

‘Mmhmm. Though, I would guess, not by birth.’ His expression 
sobers. ‘He was one of the worst for Mam, actually. Awful to her, 
always telling her how stupid she was. And yet she always stuck 
with him. Always let him back in every time she kicked him out. 
She was doing this adult learning course when they got together, 
but he soon had her dropping out.’ 

I scowl. The man-trap story suddenly isn’t so funny any more. 
‘Seriously? What an absolute fucking prick!’ 

Leon looks a little startled. 

‘Did I say the wrong thing?’ I ask. 

‘No.’ He smiles. ‘No, just surprising. Again. You’d give Whizz a run 
for his money in a swearing contest.’ 

I incline my head. ‘Why, thank you,’ I say. ‘What about your and 
Richie’s dad? Was he not in the picture?’ 

Leon is almost as horizontal as I am now - he’s sharing my foot 
chair, his feet crossed at the ankles - and he’s dangling his whisky 
glass between his fingers, spinning it back and forth in the candle- 
light. There’s hardly anyone else left here; the waiting staff are 
discreetly clearing tables over on the other side of the room. 

‘He left when Richie was born, moved to the US. I was two. I don’t 
remember him, or... just the odd shape and sort of...” He waves a 
hand. “The odd feeling. Mam almost never talks about him - all I 
know is he was a plumber from Dublin.’ 

I widen my eyes. I can’t imagine not knowing any more than that 


about my father, but Leon says it like it’s nothing. He clocks my 


expression and shrugs. 

‘It’s just never been a thing for me. Finding out more about him. It 
bothered Richie in his teens, but don’t know where he got with it - 
we don’t talk about it.’ 

It feels like there’s more to be said there, but I don’t want to push 
him and ruin the evening. I reach across and lay my hand on his 
wrist for a moment; he shoots me another surprised, curious look. 
The waiter drifts closer, perhaps sensing that our aimless 
conversation is unlikely to move anywhere else if he doesn’t do 
something to nudge things along. He starts clearing the last bits and 
pieces from our table; I belatedly take my hand from Leon’s wrist. 

‘We should go to bed, shouldn’t we?’ I say. 

‘Probably,’ Leon says. ‘Is Babs still about?’ he asks the waiter. 

He shakes his head. ‘She went home.’ 

‘Ah. Did she say which room was mine? She said Tiffy and I could 
stay over.’ 

The waiter looks at me, then Leon, then me again. 

‘Err,’ he says. ‘I think... she assumed... you were...’ 

It takes Leon a while to clock the issue. When he realises, he 
groans and facepalms. 

‘Its all right,’ I say, getting the giggles again, ‘we’re used to 
sharing a bed.’ 

‘Right,’ says the waiter, looking between us again, more puzzled 
than ever. ‘Well. That’s good then?’ 

‘Not at the same time, Leon tells him. ‘We share a bed at different 
times.’ 

‘Right,’ the waiter repeats. ‘Well, err, shall I. . .2 Do you need me 


to do something?’ 

Leon waves a hand good-naturedly. ‘No, you go home,’ he says. ‘Tl 
just sleep on the floor.’ 

‘It’s a big bed,’ I tell him. ‘It’s fine —- we can just share.’ 

I let out a yelp - ld been way too ambitious with trying to put 
weight on my sprained ankle as I get up from the table. Leon is at 
my side in an instant. He has very fast reactions for a man who has 
consumed quite a lot of whisky. 

‘Tm OK,’ I tell him, but I let him put his arm around me to help 
support me as I hop-walk. After a certain amount of that, when we 
get to the stairs, he says, ‘Feck it,’ and picks me up again to carry 
me. 

I shriek in surprise and then burst out laughing. I don’t tell him to 
put me down - I don’t want him to. Again I see the polished 
bannister and quirky pictures in their curly gilt frames sliding by as 
he jogs me up the stairs; again he opens the door to my room - our 
room — with his elbow and carries me through the doorway, kicking 
the door shut again behind him. 

He lays me on the bed. The room is almost dark, the light from the 
streetlamp outside the window casting soft yellow triangles across 
the duvet and running gold through Leon’s hair. His big, brown eyes 
stare down at me, his face only inches from mine as he gently takes 
his arm from underneath me to settle my head on the pillows. 

He doesn’t move. We stare at one another, our gazes locked, just a 
breath or two between us. The moment hangs taut, charged with 
possibility. A little flicker of panic sparks somewhere in the back of 
my mind - what if I can’t do this without freaking out? - but I’m 


aching for him to kiss me, and the panic flickers out again, 
blissfully forgotten. I can feel Leon’s breath on my lips, see his 
eyelashes in the half-light. 

Then he closes his eyes and pulls back, turning his head aside with 
a quick sigh as if he was holding his breath. 

Oof. I pull back too, suddenly uncertain, and that taut silence 
between us breaks. Did I . . . misread that whole gazes-locked, 
staring-at-each-other, lips-almost-touching thing? 

My skin’s hot, my pulse fluttering. He glances back at me; there’s 
still heat in his eyes and a little frown between his eyebrows. I’m 
sure he was thinking about kissing me. Maybe I did something 
wrong — I’m a little out of practice with all this, after all. Or maybe 
the Justin curse has stretched to ruining kisses before they even 
begin. 

Leon lies back on the bed; he’s looking miserably awkward, and as 
he fidgets with his shirt I wonder if I should take the lead and kiss 
him, just press myself up beside him and turn his face towards 
mine. But what if I’ve misunderstood the situation and this is one of 
those times when I should just let things drop? 

I lie down carefully beside him. ‘We should probably go to sleep?’ I 
Say. 

‘Yeah.’ His voice is low and quiet. 

I clear my throat. Well, I guess that’s that then. 

He shifts a little. His arm brushes mine; my skin turns 
goosebumpy. I hear him breathe in as we touch, just a quiet huff of 
startlement, and then he’s up, heading for the bathroom, and I’m 
left here with my goosebumps and my heart fluttering, staring at 


the ceiling. 


44 


Leon 


Her breathing slows. Risk a sideways glance at her; can just make 
out the soft fluttering of her eyelids as she dreams. She’s asleep, 
then. I breathe out slowly, trying to relax. 

Really, really hope I have not messed this up. 

It was very out of character for me, picking her up like that, lying 
her down on the bed. It just seemed like . . . I don’t know. Tiffy is so 
impulsive it’s contagious. But then, of course, am still me, so 
impulsiveness ran out at potentially crucial moment, to be replaced 
by familiar, panicked indecision. She’s drunk and injured - you 
don’t kiss drunk injured women. Do you? Maybe you do. Maybe she 
wanted that? 

Richie gets the reputation for being the romantic, but it’s always 
been me. He used to call me a pussy when we were teenagers, him 
chasing anything that’d give him so much as a look, me pining after 
the girl I’d fancied since primary school and been too scared to talk 
to. I’ve always been the one who thinks before they fall - though 


both of us fall just as hard. 

I swallow. Think of the feeling of Tiffy’s arm pressed against mine, 
how the hairs on my forearm stood on end at the merest brush of 
her skin. Stare at the ceiling. Realise belatedly that curtains are still 
open, streetlight streaming in to light our room in ribbons. 

As I lie there, thinking, watching the light move across the floor, it 
comes to me slowly that I haven’t been in love with Kay for a very 
long time. Loved her, felt close to her, liked her being part of my 
life. That was safe and easy. But I had forgotten the blazing can’t- 
think-of-anything-else madness of these early days of meeting 
someone. There wasn’t even a spark of that left with Kay for the 
last . . . year, maybe, even? 

I look across at Tiffy again, her eyelashes casting shadows on her 
cheeks, and think back to what she’s told me about Justin. Notes 
made me feel he wasn’t especially good to her - why did she have to 
pay back that money all of a sudden? But nothing as alarming as 
what she’d said on the train. But then, as much as they were 
significant to me, they were just notes. Easier to lie to yourself in 
writing and for nobody to spot it. 

Head is too full of panic, regret and whisky buzz for me to sleep. 
Stare up at the ceiling. Listen to Tiffy’s breath. Play out all the ways 
it could have gone: if we’d kissed and she’d stopped me, if we’d 
kissed and she hadn’t... 

Best not to pursue that one. Thoughts becoming inappropriate. 

Tiffy turns over, dragging the duvet with her. Half of my body is 
now exposed to night-time air. Can’t really begrudge her, though. 


Important that she gets warm after near-drowning. 


She turns over again. More duvet. Now only my right arm has 
coverage. Absolutely cannot sleep like this. 

Pll have to just pull it back. Try it gently at first, but it’s like 
playing tug-of-war. The woman has the duvet in a vice-like grip. 
How can she be this strong when unconscious? 

Going to have to opt for an assertive yank. Maybe she won’t wake 
up. Maybe she’ll just— 

Tiffy: Oww! 

She came with the duvet, rolling over, and I seem to have migrated 
towards the middle too, and now we’re face to face in the darkness, 
tantalisingly close. 

My breath quickens. Her cheeks are flushed, her eyes heavy with 
sleep. 

I belatedly clock that she just said oww. The movement must have 
jerked her ankle. 

Me: Sorry! Sorry! 

Tiffy, confused: Did you try and pull the duvet off me? 

Me: No! I was trying to get it back. 

Tiffy blinks. I really want to kiss her. Could I kiss her now? She’s 
probably sobered up? But then she winces at the pain in her ankle 
and I feel like the world’s worst human being. 

Tiffy: Get it back from where? 

Me: Well, you sort of.. . stole it all. 

Tiffy: Oh! Sorry. Next time, just wake me up and tell me. Ill go 
right back to sleep. 

Me: Oh, OK. Sure. Sorry. 

Tiffy shoots me a half-amused, half-asleep look as she rolls back 


over, pulling the duvet up to her chin. I turn my head into the 
pillow. Don’t want her to see that I’m smiling like a love-struck 


teenager because she just said ‘next time’. 


45 


Tiffy 


I wake to the daylight, which is much less pleasant than people 
make it sound. We didn’t close the curtains last night. I turn my 
face away from the window instinctively, rolling over and realising 
the right-hand side of the bed is empty. 

At first it feels totally normal: I wake up every day in Leon’s bed 
without him there, after all. My sleepy brain goes, oh, of course — no, 
hang on, wait... 

There’s a note on his pillow. 


Gone out in search of breakfast. Back soon, bearing pastries x 


I smile, and roll back the other way to check the time on my 
phone on the bedside table. 

Shit. Twenty-seven missed calls, all from an unknown number. 

What the— 

I scramble out of bed, heart thumping, then yelp with pain as I 


knock my ankle. Fuck. I dial voicemail, a bad feeling blooming in 


the base of my stomach. It’s like .. . yesterday was too good to be 
true. Something terrible has happened - I knew I shouldn’t have— 

‘Tiffy, are you all right? I saw Rachel’s status on Facebook. Did you 
nearly drown?’ 

It’s Justin. I go very still as the message rolls on. 

‘Look, I know yow’re in a mood with me at the moment. But I need 
to know you're OK. Call me back.’ 

There are more like this. Twelve more, to be precise. I’d deleted his 
number after a particularly girl-power-inducing counselling session, 
so that’d be why the calls came from an unknown number. I think I 
knew who it was going to be, though. Nobody else has ever called 
me that many times before, but Justin has — usually after a fight, or 
a break-up. 

‘Tiffy. This is ridiculous. If I knew where you were ld come out 
there. Call me, all right?’ 

I shiver. This feels . . . I feel awful. Like yesterday with Leon should 
never have happened. Imagine if Justin knew where I'd been, and 
what I’d been doing? 

I shake myself. I can feel that that doesn’t make sense even as | 
think it. I’m scaring myself again. 


I tap out a text. 
I’m fine, | lightly sprained my ankle. Please don't call me any more. 
Within moments, he replies. 


Oh, thank God! What are you like without me there to look after you, hey? You 
made me so worried. l'Il be good and stick to your rules, no contact until 
October. Just know l'II be thinking of you xx 


I stare at the message for a while. What are you like. As if I’m such a 
klutz. Yesterday Leon pulled me out of the sea, and yet this is the 
first time all weekend I’ve felt like the girl who needs rescuing. 

Fuck this. I hit block and delete all the voicemails from my phone. 

I hop to the bathroom. It’s not the most dignified method of travel - 
the chintzy lamps on the walls are vibrating a little as I go — but 
something about the general stompiness is quite therapeutic. Stomp, 
stomp, stomp. Stupid, bloody, Justin. I slam the bathroom door with 
satisfying force. 

Thank God Leon went out for breakfast, both because he avoided 
witnessing this mess of a morning and because he will hopefully 
return with something highly calorific to make me feel better. 

Once I’ve showered and redressed in yesterday’s clothes — which, 
because they’re covered in grainy, shingly grit, also ticks exfoliating 
off my to-do list - I hop back to the bed and launch myself on to it 
with a thud, burying my face in the pillow. Ugh. Yesterday was so 
lovely, and now I feel all horrible and mucky, like the voicemails 
left a taint on me. Still, I blocked him, something I would never 
have been able to bring myself to do a few months ago. Maybe I 
should be glad of all those voicemails for pushing me to do it. 

I sit up on my elbows and reach for the note Leon wrote me. It’s 
on hotel stationery; The Bunny Hop Inn is traced in jaunty letters 
across the bottom of the paper. The handwriting is just the same as 
ever, though - Leon’s neat, tiny, rounded letters. In a moment of 
embarrassing sentimentality, I fold the paper in half and reach to 
slip it into my handbag. 


There’s a quiet knock on the door. 

‘Come in,’ I call. 

He’s dressed in a giant T-shirt with a picture of three sticks of rock 
on the front, and BRIGHTON ROCKS in big letters underneath. My 
mood immediately improves about tenfold. There’s nothing like a 
man in a novelty T-shirt to brighten up your morning - especially 
when he’s holding a very promising paper bag with Patisserie Valerie 
written on the side. 

‘One of Babs’s finest?’ I say, pointing at the T-shirt. 

‘My new personal stylist,’ Leon says. 

He passes me the bag of pastries and sits down on the end of the 
bed, smoothing his hair back. He’s nervous again. Why do I find his 
nervous fidgeting so adorable? 

‘You made it to the shower OK?’ he asks eventually, nodding 
towards my wet hair. ‘With your foot, I mean?’ 

‘I showered flamingo style.’ I curl one knee up. He smiles. Getting 
one of those lopsided grins from him feels like winning at a game I 
wasn’t aware I was playing. “The door doesn’t lock, though. I 
thought you might walk in on me, but it seems Karma was busy 
elsewhere this morning.’ 

He makes a strangled sort of mmhmm sound and busies himself 
eating his croissant. I suppress a smile. An unfortunate side effect of 
finding his nervous fidgeting adorable is that I seem unable to resist 
saying things I know will make him fidget. 

‘But anyway, youve basically seen me naked,’ I go on. “Twice. 
Already. So you wouldn’t have been in for any huge surprises.’ 

He looks up at me this time. ‘Basically,’ he says emphatically, ‘is 


not the same as actually. Some key differences, in fact.’ 

My stomach flips. Whatever that awkwardness was last night, I 
definitely wasn’t imagining the sexual tension. The air is heavy with 
it. 

‘It should be me worrying about the lack of surprises,’ he says. 
‘You’ve actually seen me naked.’ 

‘I did wonder . .. when I walked in on you in the shower, did you . 

He disappears in the direction of the bathroom so fast I barely 
hear the excuse he makes as he goes. As he closes the door behind 
him and turns the shower on, I smile. I guess there’s my answer. 
Rachel will be delighted. 


46 


Leon 


Have never thought this hard about the notes before. Was much 
easier when I was just scribbling random thoughts to friend who I 
had not met. Now am carefully crafting messages to woman who 
has taken up residence in most of my waking thoughts. 

It’s terrible. Sit down with pen and Post-it and suddenly forget all 
the words. Her messages are cheeky, flirty, noisily her. This was the 
first after the weekend in Brighton, fixed to the bedroom door with 
Blu-Tack: 


So, hey, roomie. How’s the transition back to nocturnal life gone today? I 
see that Fatima and family went through the bins again while we were 
away — little minxes. 

I wanted to write and say thanks again for whisking me out of the sea. 
Just make sure you fall in a large body of water at some point so I can 
return the favour, you know, in the name of equality. Also because I feel like 
you’d really own the whole Mr Darcy just-out-of-the-lake look. xx 


Mine are stilted and overthought. Write them when I get in from 
work, then rewrite them before I walk out the door, then regret 
them all night in the hospice. Until I get home to a reply and feel 
instantly better again. Thus the cycle repeats. 

Eventually, on Wednesday, I muster the courage to leave this one 
on the kitchen counter: 


Weekend plans? x 


Was paralysed by self-doubt as soon as I'd left the building and got 
far enough away for going back to be inconceivable. In retrospect, 
was a very short note. Perhaps too short for meaning to be clear? 
Perhaps insultingly short? Why is this so difficult? 

Now, though, I’m feeling better. 


Well I'll be home alone this weekend. Do you fancy coming over and 
cooking me your mushroom stroganoff? I’ve only ever had it reheated, and 
I bet it’s even better fresh out the oven. xx 


I reach for a Post-it and scribble my reply. 


Tiffin for dessert? x 
* 
Richie: You’re nervous, aren’t you? 

Me: No! No, no. 

Richie snorts. He’s in good mood — he’s generally in a good mood 
now. He calls Gerty at least every other day to catch up on appeal 
case progress. So much to talk about, calls every other day are 
apparently essential. Evidence re-examined. Witnesses coming 
forward. And, at last, CCTV obtained. 


Me: OK. A bit nervous. 

Richie: You'll be great, man. You know she’s into you. What’s the 
plan? Is tonight the night? 

Me: Of course not. Far too soon. 

Richie: Have you shaved your legs just in case? 

Don’t deign to respond to this. Richie chuckles. 

Richie: I like her, man. You’ve got a good one. 

Me: Not sure I’ve ‘got’ her yet. 

Richie: What? You think - the ex? 

Me: She doesn’t love him any more. But it’s complicated. I’m a bit 
worried about her. 

Richie: Was he a prick? 

Me: Mm. 

Richie: He hurt her? 

Gut twists at the thought. 

Me: To some degree, I think. She doesn’t really talk about it with 
me but... got a bad feeling about him. 

Richie: Shit, man. Are we dealing with some kind of post-trauma 
situation here? 

Me: You think so? 

Richie: You’re speaking to the king of the night sweats. I dunno, I 
haven’t met her, but if she is still processing some shit she had to 
deal with, all you can do is be there and let her decide when she’s 
ready for whatever. 

The trauma of the trial and first month in prison hit Richie about 
six weeks into his sentence. Shaking hands, sudden terrors, 


intrusive flashbacks, jumping at the slightest noises. The last part 


always annoyed him the most — he seemed to think that particular 
brand of PTSD should be reserved for people whose trauma had 
actually involved loud noises, like soldiers. 

Richie: And don’t try and make the decision for her. Don’t assume 
she can’t be feeling better yet. That’s her call. 

Me: You’re a good man, Richard Twomey. 

Richie: Hold that thought and tell it to the judges in three weeks’ 
time, bro. 

Arrive at the flat at five-ish; Tiffy’s with Mo and Gerty for the day. 
Weird, being here at a weekend. It’s her flat now. 

Stop short of shaving legs, but do spend inordinately long time 
getting ready. Can’t stop thinking about where we’re each going to 
sleep tonight. Will I go back to Mam’s, or sleep here? We’ve already 
shared a bed in Brighton... 

I consider messaging to say I’ll stay at Mam’s tonight, to show 
goodwill. But decide that’s putting nail in coffin earlier than 
necessary, and is an example of making decisions for her, as advised 
against by Richie, so I leave it be. 

Key in door. I try to spring up from the beanbag, but that would be 
impossible even for a person with thighs of steel, so Tiffy walks in 
to find me in a half squat, attempting to extricate myself. 

Tiffy, laughing: It’s like quicksand, isn’t it? 

She looks beautiful. Tight blue top and a long floaty grey skirt with 
bright pink shoes that she proceeds to balance on her good leg to 
remove. 

I move to give her a hand but she waves me off, hiking herself up 


to sit on kitchen counter and make the job easier. Her ankle looks 
more mobile, though — good sign. Seems to be healing well. 

She raises her eyebrows at me. 

Tiffy: Checking out my ankles? 

Me: Purely medical interest. 

Tiffy grins at me, sliding down from the counter and limping over 
to examine the pot on the hob. 

Tiffy: Smells amazing. 

Me: Something told me you'd like mushroom stroganoff. 

She smiles over her shoulder, and I want to move behind her, put 
my arms around her waist and kiss her neck. Resist the urge, on 
account of it being very presumptuous and inappropriate. 

Tiffy: That was in your cubby hole downstairs, by the way. 

She points to small white envelope on the kitchen counter, 
addressed to me. I open it. It’s an invite, handwritten in careful, 
slightly wobbly joined-up letters. 


Dear Leon, 

I am having a birthday party on Sunday because I am going to be eight. 
Please come!!! Bring your friend Tiffy who likes nitting. Sorry that this is 
late Mum says your proper invitasion got lost at St Marks by one of the 
nurses who is rubbish and then they said we couldn’t have you’re address 
but they said they will send this for us so I hope they got it rite anyway 
please come!! 

Holly xoxoxoxoxox 


Smile and show it to Tiffy. 
Me: Maybe not what you had planned for tomorrow? 


Tiffy, looking delighted: She remembers me! 

Me: She was obsessed with you. We don’t have to go, though. 

Tiffy: Are you joking? We’re totally going. Please. You only turn 
eight once, Leon. 


47 


Tiffy 


I really didn’t think chocolate-tiffin eating could be so sexually 
charged. We’re sitting on the sofa in front of our television (which 
is basically just a novelty ornament shelf) with wine glasses in our 
hands and our legs touching. I’m not far off sitting in his lap, really. 
That’s definitely where I want to be sitting. 

‘Go on,’ I say, nudging him with my knee. “Tell me the truth.’ 

He looks shifty. I narrow my eyes at him, sliding nearer, my gaze 
flicking to his lips. He’s doing the same - that eyes-lips-eyes thing 
that seems to tug you closer, and we hover in the moment as if 
we're at the top of a rope swing, waiting for gravity to kick in, 
feeling the tug but not quite going. No doubts this time: I know he’s 
thinking about kissing me. 

‘Tell me,’ I say. 

He tilts his head, but at the last moment I pull back just a little, 
and he lets out a quiet huff, half amused, half frustrated at the 


teasing. 


‘Much shorter,’ he says reluctantly, pulling back too and reaching 
for another square of tiffin. I watch him lick chocolate from his 
fingers. Amazing, really - I’ve always found it weird how in films 
people think licking things like that is sexy, but here Leon is, 
proving me wrong. 

‘Shorter? That’s it? You told me that already.’ 

‘And... dumpier.’ 

‘Dumpier!’ I crow. This was the stuff I was after. “You thought I’d be 
dumpy? 

‘I just — assumed!’ Leon says, shifting in and pulling me closer 
again so I’m almost bundled up against his chest. 

I lean into him, relishing the feeling. ‘Short and dumpy. And what 
else?’ 

‘I thought you would dress weirdly.’ 

‘Well, I do,’ I point out, gesturing to the laundry drying in the 
corner, which includes my bright red pantaloons and the rainbow 
knitted jumper Mo got me for my birthday last year (though even I 
would draw the line at wearing those two items simultaneously). 

‘You make it look good, though,’ he says. ‘Like you do it on 
purpose. It makes you look like you.’ 

I laugh. ‘Well, thanks.’ 

‘And you?’ he asks, shifting his hold on me to take another sip of 
his wine. 

‘And me what?’ 

‘What did you think I’d look like?’ 

‘I cheated and looked you up on Facebook,’ I admit. 

Leon looks shocked, wine halfway to his mouth. ‘I didn’t even 


think of that!’ 

‘Of course you didn’t. I mean, I would want to know what 
someone looked like if they were moving in and sleeping in my bed, 
but you don’t care about appearances much, do you?’ 

He pauses to think about it. ‘I cared about yours once Id seen it. 
But otherwise, why would it make a difference? The first rule of the 
flatshare was that we wouldn’t meet.’ 

I laugh despite myself. “We broke that one, then.’ 

‘That one?’ 

‘Don’t worry.’ I wave him off. I don’t fancy explaining Gerty’s ‘first 
rule’, or quite how much time I’ve spent thinking about breaking it. 

‘Ahhh,’ Leon says suddenly, catching sight of the time on my Peter 
Pan clock on top of the fridge. Half midnight. ‘It’s late.’ He looks at 
me worriedly. ‘Lost track of time.’ 

I shrug. ‘That’s OK?’ 

‘Can’t get back to Mam’s now - last train was at ten past twelve.’ 
He looks pained. ‘THU just . . . sleep on the sofa? If that’s all right?’ 

‘On the sofa? Why?’ 

‘So you can have the bed?’ 

‘This sofa is tiny. You’d have to curl up in the foetal position.’ My 
heart’s thumping. ‘You have your side, I have mine. We’ve stuck to 
the left and right rule all year so far. Why should we change it 
now?’ 

He watches me, his eyes flicking back and forth across my face as 
if he’s trying to read me. 

‘It’s just a bed,’ I say, moving closer again. “We’ve shared a bed 
before.’ 


‘Not sure .. . this will be quite as straightforward,’ Leon says, in a 
slightly strangled voice. 

On impulse, I lean forwards and press my lips lightly to his cheek, 
then again, and again, until I’ve kissed a path from his cheekbone 
to the very edge of his lips. 

I sit back and meet his eyes. My skin is already buzzing, but the 
look he gives me sends a jolt through me, and now it’s as if eighty 
per cent of my body has suddenly become heartbeat. I swallow. 
We’re as close as two humans can possibly be without kissing. 
There’s no flicker of panic this time, just blissful, fiery wanting. 

So, at last, I kiss him. 

When I kissed him on the cheek I’d planned to make our first 
proper kiss soft and slow, the kind of kiss you feel in your toes, but 
when I actually get there it’s clear there’s been way too much 
waiting and sexy tiffin-eating for that. This is a proper kiss, the kind 
that promises very imminent undressing, the kind that generally 
happens while in the process of stumbling towards a bed. I’m not 
surprised, then, to find that when we surface for air, I’m straddling 
him, my hair hanging down on either side of us, my long skirt 
ruched to my thighs, his hands on my back pulling me as close as I 
can possibly be. 

We don’t pause for long. I twist to dump my wine glass uncere- 
moniously on the coffee table and shift a little to ease the angle on 
my ankle, and then we’re kissing again, hungry, and my body is 
responding with a heat I genuinely don’t think I’ve felt before. One 
of his hands shifts to the back of my neck, grazing the side of my 
breast en route, and I pretty much yelp as the sensation hits. 


Everywhere and everything seems to be in overdrive. 

I have no idea what will happen next. I actually can’t even 
consider the question. I’m incredibly grateful for that - all thought 
of flashbacks and exes has evaporated altogether. Leon’s body is 
hard and warm and all I can think about is getting all of these 
clothes out of the way so I can be as close to it as possible. This time 
when I move to unbutton his shirt, he drops his grip on my waist to 
help me, shrugging it off and chucking it over the back of the sofa, 
where it hangs like a flag from the lamp. I run my hands over 
Leon’s chest, marvelling at the strangeness of being able to touch 
him like this. I break away from him for just long enough to 
wriggle out of my top. 

He breathes in sharply, and as I lean back in to kiss him again, he 
stops me, hands on my upper arms, eyes on my body. I’m wearing a 
thin chemise under the top, its neckline following the line of my 
bra, dipping to a low V. 

‘God,’ he says, his voice hoarse. ‘Look at you.’ 

‘Nothing you’ve not seen before,’ I remind him, already ducking in 
impatiently to get another kiss. He holds me back again, still 
staring. I let out a little frustrated noise, but then he moves to press 
his lips against my collarbone, then lower, kissing across the top of 
my breasts, and I stop objecting. 

It’s becoming impossible to form thoughts for longer than about 
two seconds. They just evaporate. I can feel great sections of my 
brain rededicating themselves to thinking about sex. The part of my 
brain that deals with pain, for instance, has entirely forgotten about 


my ankle and is now much more interested in what exactly Leon’s 


lips are doing as his kisses dip lower and lower to the edge of my 
bra. The section that usually busies itself wondering if I look fat in 
things seems to have died off altogether. I’ve resorted to moaning 
because my brain’s speech centre is clearly out of action too. 

Leon’s hands dip under the waistline of my skirt, touching the silk 
of my underwear. I wore nice underwear, obviously. I may not have 
planned for this, but I hadn’t not planned for it. 

I pull away and yank off the chemise - it’s only getting in the way 
now. I’m going to have to stop straddling him in order for either of 
us to remove any more clothes, but I really don’t want to. My brain 
makes a real effort at some long-term thinking, but that’s no use, 
obviously, so I abandon the problem and hope Leon has some sort 
of solution. 

‘Bed?’ Leon says, his lips back up on my neck. 

I nod, but when he shifts underneath me I mumble an objection, 
dipping my head to kiss him again. I can feel his smile against my 
lips. 

‘Can’t get to bed without you moving,’ he reminds me, trying to 
shift again. 

I make another incoherent objection. He chuckles, lips still 
pressed against mine. 

‘Sofa?’ he suggests instead. 

Better. I knew Leon would have a solution. Reluctant, I slide off his 
lap so he can move. His hands tug at the fabric of my skirt, fingers 
searching for a zip or button. 

‘It’s got a hidden zip,’ I say, twisting to find the zip tucked in the 


seam along my hip. 


‘Devilish women clothes,’ Leon declares, helping me pull the skirt 
off once it’s undone. Like before, I move to press myself against him 
again, but he stops me so he can look at me properly. The look in 
his eyes makes my cheeks glow. I undo his belt and he breathes in 
sharply, his gaze back on my face as I unbutton his jeans. 

‘A little help?’ I say, eyebrow raised, as I fumble around with the 
buttons. 

‘Leaving that part to you,’ he says. “Take as long as you need.’ 

I grin, and he tugs off his jeans, then pulls me to lie down beside 
him on the sofa. We’re a mess of limbs and cushions and skin. We 
completely don’t fit. There’s no space. We’re laughing now, but only 
in between kisses, and wherever his body touches mine it’s like 
someone’s reprogrammed my nerves to feel five times as much as 
usual. 

‘Whose idea was the sofa?’ Leon asks. His head is level with my 
chest; he kisses his way along the bottom of my bra now, and I 
moan. I’m incredibly uncomfortable, but discomfort is a small price 
to pay, as far as I’m concerned. 

It’s only when he elbows me in the stomach in an effort to sit up 
enough to kiss me that I call time. ‘Bed, I say firmly. 

‘Sensible woman.’ 

It takes us another ten minutes or so actually to get moving. He 
gets up first, then, as I shift to stand, bends to pick me up again and 
carry me. 

‘I can walk fine,’ I protest. 

‘It’s our thing. Plus, it’s faster.’ He’s right — he’s laid me out on the 
bed in seconds, and then he’s on top of me, his lips hot on mine, his 


hand on my breast. No laughing now. I can hardly breathe, I’m so 
turned on. It’s absurd. I can’t possibly wait any longer. 
And then the doorbell rings. 


48 


Leon 


We both freeze. I lift my head to look at her. Her cheeks are flushed 
red, her lips swollen from kissing, and her hair lies in a tangle of 
orange against the white pillows. Impossibly sexy. 

Me: For you? 

Tiffy: What? No! 

Me: But nobody I know thinks I’m here at weekends! 

Tiffy groans. 

Tiffy: Don’t ask me complicated questions. I can’t . . . do thinking 
right now. 

I press my lips against hers again, but the doorbell rings for a 
second time. Curse. Roll to side; try to calm down. 

Tiffy rolls with me so she’s on top of me. 

Tiffy: They'll go away. 

This suddenly seems like by far the best suggestion. Her body is 
incredible. Can’t stop myself from touching — I know I’m being way 
too scattergun, hands all over her, but don’t want to miss anything. 


I should have at least ten more hands, ideally. 

Doorbell rings again. And again. Five-second intervals. Tiffy throws 
herself back to her side of the bed with a growl. 

Tiffy: Who the fuck is it? 

Me: We should answer. 

She reaches out and runs a finger from my bellybutton to my 
boxers. Mind goes entirely blank. Want her. Want her. Want her. 
Want— 

Doorbell doorbell doorbell doorbell. 

Tiffy: Fuck! I'll go. 

Me: No, [ll go. I can wear a towel and pretend I was in the shower. 

Tiffy looks at me. 

Tiffy: How the hell can you think of something like that right 
now? My brain has stopped functioning. You are clearly much more 
distracting than I am. 

She’s lying there, topless, just a scrap of silk underwear between 
now and naked. It’s taking enormous inner strength and an 
insistent loud buzzing sound to hold me back. 

Me: Trust me. You are very distracting. 

Tiffy kisses me. Doorbell now buzzing non-stop - is not even 
pausing. Person has their finger held against buzzer. 

Whoever they are, I hate them. 

Pull myself away from Tiffy, swear again, and reach for towel on 
radiator as I stumble through from bedroom to hall. Need to pull 
self together. Will just answer door, punch person who has 
interrupted us, then head back to bed. A good, solid plan. 

I press the button to let them up, then throw open the front door 


and wait. It occurs to me, belatedly, that as my hair is dry it will not 
actually look like I’ve just got out of shower. 

The man who appears in the doorway is nobody I’ve met before. 
He’s also not the sort of man I would back myself to punch. He’s 
tall, built in the way that suggests he spends a lot of time in the 
gym. Brown hair, perfectly trimmed beard, expensive shirt. Angry 
eyes. 

Suddenly have a bad feeling about this. Wish I was wearing more 
than towel. 

Me: Can I help you? 

He looks confused. 

Angry-eyed man: Isn’t this Tiffy’s place? 

Me: Yes. I’m her flatmate. 

Angry-eyed man does not look at all happy at this information. 

Angry-eyed man: Well, is she in? 

Me: Sorry, I didn’t catch your name? 

Gives me long, angry stare. 

Angry-eyed man: I’m Justin. 

Ah. 

Me: No, she’s not in. 

Justin: I thought she had this place at weekends. 

Me: Did she tell you that? 

Justin looks shifty for a moment. Covers well, though. 

Justin: Yeah, she mentioned it when I saw her last. Your 
arrangement. The whole bed-sharing thing. 

She definitely wouldn’t have told Justin about that. Pretty clear 
shed know he wouldn’t like it. Extremely hostile body language 


suggests that he does indeed not like it. 

Me: Room sharing. But yes. She normally has the place on 
weekends, but she’s away. 

Justin: Where? 

Shrug. Look bored. Simultaneously stand that little bit taller, just 
so he clocks we’re the same height. It’s a bit caveman-ish of me, but 
feels good all the same. 

Me: How should I know? 

Justin, suddenly: Can I see the flat? 

Me: What? 

Justin: Can I see the place? Just have a look around. 

He’s already moving towards me like he’s coming in. Suppose this 
is how he always gets his way: asking unreasonable things and then 
going ahead and taking them. 

I don’t move. Eventually he has to stop walking, because I am 
directly in his way. 

Me: No. Sorry. You can’t. 

He senses my hostility now. He’s riled. He was already angry when 
he got here; he’s like dog on leash, snapping for a fight. 

Justin: Why not? 

Me: Because it’s my flat. 

Justin: And Tiffy’s. She’s my... 

Me: Your what? 

Justin doesn’t finish the lie. He knows, perhaps, that I will at least 
know whether Tiffy is single or in relationship. 

Justin: It’s complicated. But we’re very close. I can promise you she 
wouldn’t mind me looking around the place, checking it’s up to 


standard for her. I presume you have a sub-letting agreement, the 
two of you? All signed off by the property owner? 

Do not want to get into this with this man. Also, do not have sub- 
letting agreement. Landlord hasn’t spoken to me in years, so just 
haven’t ... brought Tiffy up. 

Me: You can’t come in. 

Justin squares up to me. I’m wearing nothing but a towel around 
waist; we’re eye to eye. Really don’t think Tiffy would enjoy it 
coming to a fight. 

Me: I’ve got a girl in there, man. 

Justin jerks his head back. He wasn’t expecting that. 

Justin: You have? 

Me: Yeah. So I'd appreciate it if you... 

His eyes narrow. 

Justin: Who is it? 

Oh, for fuck’s sake. 

Me: What does it matter to you? 

Justin: It’s not Tiffy, then? 

Me: Why would you think it was Tiffy? I just told you— 

Justin: Yeah. She’s away this weekend. Except I know she’s not 
with her parents, and Tiffy doesn’t leave London on her own for 
anything except a visit home. So— 

He tries to push past me, but I’m ready for it. I put my weight into 
him, knocking him off balance. 

Me: Get out of here. Now. I don’t know what your problem is, but 
as soon as you entered my flat you broke the law, so if you don’t 
want me to call the police - if the woman in my bedroom hasn’t 


done it already — then get the fuck out of here. 

I can see his nostrils flaring. He wants to fight; it’s taking all his 
energy not to. Not a pleasant sort of man. Though I notice that I’m 
ready for a fight too. I’m almost hoping he’ll punch me. 

He doesn’t, though. His eyes flick to bedroom door, and then take 
in the sight of my jeans spread out on the floor. My shirt, hanging 
off Tiffy’s ridiculous monkey lamp. Thank God Tiffy’s clothes aren’t 
visible - hed recognise them, I imagine. What an unpleasant 
thought. 

Justin: lll be back to see Tiffy. 

He backs out. 

Me: Maybe call ahead next time to check she’s in. And wants to see 
you. 

Slam the door behind him. 


49 


Tiffy 


I mean, nobody would say it’s nice, having your ex-boyfriend turn 
up as you're getting with the new guy. Nobody would wish for 
something like that to happen, except perhaps for weird sexual 
reasons. 

But surely nobody else would be quite this upset. 

I am shaking - not just my hands, but my legs too, all the way up 
past my knees. I try to dress as quietly as I can, paralysed with the 
thought of Justin coming in here and seeing me in just my knickers, 
but I only get halfway before the fear of being heard overrules that 
impulse, and I sink back on to the bed in just my underwear and a 
giant jumper with Santa on it (it was the closest thing in the 
wardrobe). 

When the door to the flat slams, I jump as though someone’s 
pulled a trigger. Its ridiculous. My face is wet with tears and I am 
really, truly scared. 

Leon knocks gently on the bedroom door. 


‘It’s just me,’ he calls. ‘Can I come in?’ 

I take a deep, wobbly breath and wipe the tears from my cheeks. 
‘Yeah, come in.’ 

He takes one look at me and does what I did - heads for the 
wardrobe and pulls out the nearest thing. Once he’s dressed, he 
comes and sits on the far end of the bed. I’m grateful. Suddenly I 
don’t want to be near anybody naked. 

‘Is he definitely gone?’ I ask him. 

‘I waited until I heard the building door close too,’ Leon tells me. 


“He’s gone.’ 
‘He’ll be back, though. And I cannot face the idea of ever seeing 
him again. I can’t... I hate him.’ I take another deep, juddering 


breath, feeling tears leaking out again. ‘Why was he so angry? Was 
he always like that, and I’ve just forgotten?’ 

I stretch out a hand towards Leon; I want to be held. He shifts 
across the bed and pulls me in against him, laying me down so he’s 
behind me, my body tucked into his. 

‘He can feel he’s losing his grip on you,’ Leon says quietly. ‘He’s 
scared.’ 

‘Well, ’'m not going back this time.’ 

Leon kisses my shoulder. “You want me to call Mo? Or Gerty? 

‘Will you just stay with me?’ 

‘Of course.’ 

‘I just want to go to sleep.’ 

‘Then sleep it is? He reaches around for the Brixton blanket, 
pulling it over the two of us, and then leans to flick off the lamp. 


‘Wake me if you need me.’ 


* 


I don’t know how, but I sleep all the way through, only waking to 
the sound of the guy upstairs doing whatever it is he always does at 
7 a.m. (it sounds like some kind of energetic aerobics involving lots 
of hopping; ld be angry, but it is much better than my alarm for 
waking me up for work). 

Leon is gone. I sit up, bleary-eyed from falling asleep after crying, 
and try to get a handle on reality again. Just as I’m working my way 
through yesterday - sadly finishing up with the good sofa bit, and 
remembering Justin’s arrival — Leon pokes his head in. 

‘Tea?’ 

‘Did you make it?’ 

‘No, I got the house elf to do it.’ 

I smile at that. 

‘Don’t worry. I told him to make yours especially strong,’ he says. 
‘Can I come in?’ 

‘Of course you can. It’s your bedroom too.’ 

‘Not when you're here.’ He hands me a suitably strong cup of tea. 
This is the first cup of tea he’s ever made me, but — just like I know 
how milky he likes his - he must’ve figured out how I drink mine. 
It’s weird how easily you can get to know someone from the traces 
they leave behind. 

‘Tm so sorry about last night,’ I begin. 

Leon shakes his head. ‘Please don’t. It’s not your fault, is it?’ 

‘Well. I did date him. Voluntarily.’ 

My tone’s light, but Leon frowns. ‘Relationships like that stop 
being about “voluntarily” very quickly. There’s lots of ways 


someone can make you stay with them, or think you want to.’ 

I tilt my head, looking at him as he sits on the edge of the bed, 
forearms on his knees, both hands around his mug of tea. He’s 
talking to me half over his shoulder, and every time he meets my 
eyes I want to smile. He’s redone his hair - it’s the neatest I’ve ever 
seen it, smoothed behind his ears and flicking into curls at the base 
of his neck. 

‘You seem very well informed,’ I say carefully. 

He’s not looking at me now. ‘Mam,’ he says by way of explanation. 
‘She spent a lot of her time with men who abused her.’ 

The word makes me flinch. Leon clocks it. 

‘Sorry,’ he says. 

‘Justin never hit me or anything,’ I say quickly, my cheeks 
flushing. Here’s me, making a fuss about a boyfriend who bosses me 
about a bit, when Leon’s mum has been through— 

‘That’s not the sort of abuse I meant,’ Leon says. ‘I meant 
emotional.’ 

‘Oh.’ Was that what it was, with Justin? 

Yes, I think immediately, before I have time to second guess 
myself. Of course it bloody was. Lucie and Mo and Gerty have all 
been saying as much without saying it for months, haven’t they? I 
swallow a gulp of tea, hiding behind my mug. 

‘It was hard to watch,’ Leon says, staring down at his tea. ‘She’s on 
the mend now. Lots of counselling. Good friends. Getting to the root 
of the problem.’ 

‘Mmm. I’m trying that . . . counselling thing, too.’ 

He nods. ‘That’s good. That'll help.’ 


‘It is already, I think. It was Mo’s idea, and he’s literally always 
right about things.’ 

I could do with one of Mo’s audio hugs right now, actually. As I 
look around for my phone, Leon points to where it lies on the 
bedside table. 

‘TIl give you a minute. And don’t worry about Holly’s birthday. Bet 
it’s probably the last thing you...’ 

He trails off at my outraged expression. 

‘You think I’m missing Holly’s birthday because of last night?’ 

‘Well, I just thought it must’ve taken it out of you, and...’ 

I’m shaking my head. ‘Absolutely not. The last thing I want to do is 
let this .. . Justin stuff get in the way of the important things.’ 

He smiles, his eyes lingering on my face. ‘Well, OK. Thanks.’ 

‘We need to leave early enough to buy a present!’ I call after him 
as he leaves. 

‘I gave her the gift of good health!’ he calls back through the door. 

‘That won’t cut it - it needs to be something from Claire’s 
Accessories!’ 


50 


Leon 


Hollys mum’s home is a poky, crumbling town house in 
Southwark. Paint peels everywhere and pictures lean on walls, 
unhung, but it feels friendly. Just a little tired. 

Streams of children are darting in and out of the front door when 
we arrive. Feel slightly overwhelmed. I’m still processing last night, 
still buzzing with adrenaline from the altercation with Justin. We 
reported the incident to the police, but I want to do more. She 
should get a restraining order. Can’t suggest it, though. Her choice. 
I’m helpless. 

We step inside the house. There are many party hats and a few 
crying babies, possibly baited into tears by boisterous eight-year- 
olds. 

Me: Can you see Holly? 

Tiffy stands on one tiptoe (her good foot). 

Tiffy: Is that her? In the Star Wars outfit? 

Me: Star Trek. And no. Maybe over there by the kitchen? 


Tiffy: Pretty sure that’s a boy. Did you tell me this was fancy dress? 

Me: You read the invite too! 

Tiffy ignores this, picks up abandoned cowboy hat and plants it on 
my head. 

I turn to the hall mirror to admire the effect. The hat perches on 
top of my hair precariously. Pull it off and put it on Tiffy instead. 
Much better. A sort of sexy cowgirl thing. Very clichéd, of course, 
but sexy nonetheless. 

Tiffy checks her reflection and yanks the hat down further. 

Tiffy: Fine. You’re a wizard then. 

She pulls a moon-covered cape off the back of a chair and reaches 
up to drape it over my shoulders, fixing it with a bow at my throat. 
Just the feel of her fingers makes me think of last night. It’s a highly 
inappropriate location for these sorts of thoughts, so I try to ward 
them off, but she is not helping. She trails her hands down my chest 
in a gesture familiar from time on sofa. 

Grab her hand. 

Me: Can’t be doing that. 

Tiffy quirks an eyebrow, mischievous. 

Tiffy: Doing what? 

At least if she’s planning on torturing me in this fashion it must 

mean she’s feeling a little better. 
Eventually locate Holly sitting on stairs and realise why she was so 
hard to spot. She looks completely transformed. Bright eyes. Hair 
thicker and healthier, falling forward to be blown back impatiently 
as she talks. She’s actually looking a little chubby. 


Holly: LEON! 

She skids downstairs then stops short at bottom. She’s dressed as 
Elsa from Frozen, much like every girl hosting a birthday party in 
the Western hemisphere since 2013. She’s a little old for it, but then, 
she missed out on most of her time being little, so. 

Holly: Where’s Tiffy? 

Me: She’s here too. She’s just gone to the bathroom. 

Holly looks placated. Links her arm through mine and drags me 
off to the living room to try and feed me small sausage rolls that 
have been fingered by many unclean children. 

Holly: Are you dating Tiffy yet? 

I stare down at her, plastic cup of tropical juice halfway to mouth. 

Holly does her classic eye roll, thus convincing me that she is still 
the same person, not chubbier lookalike. 

Holly: Come on. You two are Meant to Be! 

I look around nervously, hoping Tiffy is not within hearing. But 
I’m smiling too, it seems. Think fleetingly of my reaction to similar 
comments made about me and Kay - generally was the sort of 
response that made Kay call me a commitment-phobe. Admittedly 
those comments rarely came from the mouth of a small, precocious 
child wearing a fake plait around her neck (guess it fell off her head 
a while ago). 

Me: As it happens... 

Holly: Yes! I knew it! Have you told her you love her? 

Me: It’s a bit soon for that. 

Holly: Not if you’ve been in love with her for ages. 

Pause. 


Holly: Which you have. By the way. 

Me, gently: I’m not sure about that, Holly. We’ve been friends. 

Holly: Friends who love each other. 

Me: Holly— 

Holly: Well, have you told her you like her? 

Me: She definitely knows. 

Holly narrows eyes. 

Holly: Does she, Leon? 

I feel slightly discomposed. Yes? She does? The kissing is a clear 
clue, no? 

Holly: You’re terrible at telling people how you really feel about 
them. You hardly ever told me how you liked me better than all the 
other patients. But I know you did. 

She stretches out her hands, like case in point. I try not to grin. 

Me: Well, I’ll make sure she knows. 

Holly: It doesn’t matter. I'll tell her anyway. 

And she’s off, darting through the crowd. Shit. 

Me: Holly! Holly! Don’t say any— 

I eventually find them together in the kitchen. Burst in at the end 
of what is clearly an intervention on Holly’s part. Tiffy is leaning 
down to hear her, smiling, hair shining red-gold under the over- 
bright kitchen lights. 

Holly: I just want you to know he’s nice, and youre nice. 

She stands on tiptoe, and adds, in a stage whisper: 

Holly: So that means there isn’t a doormat. 

Tiffy looks up at me, enquiring. 

Press lips together as something warm and melting settles in my 


chest. I step in and pull Tiffy towards me, reaching over to ruffle 
Holly’s hair. Weird, clairvoyant child. 


51


Tiffy 


Mo and Gerty come around in the afternoon, once Leon’s headed off 
to his mum’s place, and I fill them in on the nights dramas over a 
much-needed bottle of wine. Mo does his best empathetic nod; 
Gerty, on the other hand, just keeps swearing. She has some really 
inventively nasty names for Justin. I think she’s been saving them 
up for some time. 

‘Do you want to stay at ours tonight? Mo says. ‘You can have my 
bed. 

‘Thanks, but no, I’m fine,’ I say. ‘I don’t want to run away. I know 
he doesn’t want to hurt me or anything.’ 

Mo doesn’t look too sure about that. ‘If you’re certain,’ he says. 

‘Call us anytime and we'll order a taxi to collect you,’ Gerty tells 
me, finishing off her wine. ‘And give me a ring in the morning. You 
need to tell me about having sex with Leon.’ 

I stare at her. ‘What!’ 

‘I knew it! I could just tell,’ she says, looking pleased with herself. 


‘Well, actually, we haven't,’ I tell her, sticking my tongue out. ‘So 
your radar is off - again.’ 

She narrows her eyes. “There was nudity though. And... 
touching.’ 

‘On that very sofa.’ 

She jumps up as if she’s been stung. Mo and I snigger. 

‘Well,’ Gerty says to me, brushing down her skinny jeans with 
distaste, ‘we’re seeing Leon on Tuesday. So we will make sure to 
grill him and check his intentions with you are all as they should 
be.’ 

‘Hang on, you’re what?’ 

Tm talking him through where we’re at with the case.’ 

‘And Mo is going along because . . .” I look at Mo. 

‘Because I want to meet Leon,’ he says, unabashed. ‘What? 
Everyone else has met him.’ 

‘Yes, but... but... I narrow my eyes. ‘He’s my flatmate.’ 

‘And my client,’ Gerty points out, grabbing her handbag off the 
counter. ‘Look, meeting Leon may have been a huge rigmarole for 
you, but we can just drop him a text and meet for brunch like 
normal people.’ 

Annoyingly, there’s not much I can say to that. And I can’t exactly 
fault them for being overprotective friends in the circumstances - 
without that, without them, I’d still probably be crying myself to 
sleep in Justin’s flat. Still, I’m not sure I’m ready to be at meeting- 
the-friends stage with Leon, and the meddling is irritating. 

All’s forgiven when I get home from work on Tuesday, though, and 
find this note on the coffee table. 


BAD THINGS REALLY DID HAPPEN. (Mo asked me to remind you.) 

But you got through said bad things, and now you are stronger for it. 

(Gerty told me to pass on . . . though her version had more swearwords.) 

You’re lovely, and I will never hurt you how he hurt you. 

(That part was me.) 

Leon xx 
‘You are going to love me,’ Rachel says, standing on tiptoes to talk 
to me over my wall of pot plants. 

I rub my eyes. I’ve just got off the phone to Martin, who has taken 
to calling me rather than walking down the corridor. I suspect he 
thinks it makes him seem like he’s busy and important —- far too 
busy and important for getting up off his bum and coming to talk to 
me. Still, I now have the power to screen his calls, and if I really do 
have to talk to him then I can make faces at Rachel at the same 
time, so there are upsides. 

‘Why? What have you done? Have you bought me a castle?’ 

She stares at me. ‘It is so weird you just said that.’ 

I stare back at her. ‘Why? Have you actually bought me a castle?’ 

‘Obviously not,’ she says, recovering, ‘because if I could afford a 
castle ld buy one for myself first, no offence — but this does involve a 
castle.’ 

I reach for my mug and swing my legs out from under the desk. 
This conversation requires tea. We take our usual route to the 
kitchen: doubling back past the colour room to avoid the head of 
Editorial and MD’s desks, ducking behind the pillar by the 
photocopier so Hana won’t spot us, hitting the kitchen from an 


angle that ensures we can see if any senior members of staff are 
lurking in there. 

‘Go! Go! Talk! I tell Rachel as we step into the safety of the 
kitchen. 

‘Well. You know that illustrator I commissioned for our bricklayer- 
turned-designer’s second book, who’s a Lord Somebody?’ 

‘Sure. Lordy Lord Illustrator,’ I say. This is how Rachel and I refer to 
him. 

‘Well, Lordy Lord has come up with literally the perfect solution 
for Katherin’s photoshoot.’ 

Marketing now want to showcase the products from Katherin’s 
book. The mainstream media have been reluctant to come on board 
— they still don’t quite get how YouTubers like Tasha Chai-Latte’s 
words translate into sales — so we’re going to fund the shoot and 
‘seed it across social’. Tasha has promised to share on her blog, and, 
with just over one week to go until pub date, Marketing and PR are 
having periodic meltdowns about getting the shoot organised. 

‘He owns a Welsh castle,’ Rachel finishes. ‘In Wales. That we can use.’ 

“You're serious? For free?’ 

‘Absolutely. This weekend. And, because it’s so far to drive, he’s 
said he’ll put us up for Saturday night! In the castle! And the best part 
is, Martin can’t drop me because I’m just the designer . . . because 
Lordy Lord Illustrator is insisting that I bring Katherin! She claps 
her hands with glee. ‘And you'll be coming, obviously, because 
Katherin won’t do anything unless you’re there to shield her from 
the horrors that are Martin and Hana. Welsh castle weekend! Welsh 


castle weekend!’ 


I shush her. She has started singing really quite loudly and doing 
some sort of castle dance (which is quite hip-shaky), and though we 
have ascertained that there are no senior members of staff in the 
kitchen, you never know when they’ll show up. It’s like that thing 
people say about rats — there’s always one six feet away from you at 
all times. 

‘Now we just need to find models willing to work for free in two 
days’ time,’ Rachel says. ‘I almost don’t want to tell Martin. I don’t 
want him to start liking me or something. It’ll throw off the whole 
balance of the office.’ 

‘Tell him!’ I say. “This is a great idea.’ 

And it is. But Rachel’s right. Katherin won’t go without me, and 
that means a whole weekend away from home. I’d really hoped that 
I could spend some of the weekend with Leon. You know. Naked. 

Rachel quirks an eyebrow, clocking my expression. ‘Ah,’ she says. 

‘No, no, this is great.’ I try to rally. ‘A weekend away with you and 
Katherin is going to be hilarious. Plus - it’s a free castle visit! I’m 
going to pretend I’m scouting out my future home.’ 

Rachel leans back against the fridge, waiting for our teas to brew 
and watching me carefully. ‘You really like this boy, don’t you?’ 

I busy myself removing teabags. I do really like him, actually. It’s 
kind of scary. Nice-scary, on the whole, but also a bit scary-scary. 

‘Well, bring him, then, so you don’t miss out on seeing him.’ 

I look up. ‘Bring him? How am I swinging that one with the Powers 
That Be in Charge of Transport Costs?’ 

‘Remind me what this stud looks like?’ Rachel says, shifting so I 
can get the milk from the fridge. “Tall, dark, handsome, with 


mysterious sexy smile?’ 

Only Rachel could say ‘stud’ without irony. 

‘Reckon he’d model for free?’ 

I nearly spit out my first mouthful of tea. Rachel grins and passes 
me a paper towel to help with lipstick damage. 

‘Leon? Model?’ 

‘Why not?’ 

‘Well... Because...’ He’d hate it, surely. Or... maybe not actually 
— he cares so little about what other people think, someone taking 
photos of him and putting them on the Internet probably wouldn’t 
bother him. 

But if he did agree to it that would mean inviting him for a proper 
weekend away together - if a slightly unconventional one. And that 
definitely seems . . . serious. Relationship-ish. That thought makes 
my throat feel tight and starts a little flutter of panic in my 
stomach. I swallow the feeling away, irritated with myself. 

‘Go on. Ask,’ Rachel insists. Tm betting he’ll say yes if it means 

more time with you. And I'll sort it with Martin. Once I give him 
this castle, he’ll be kissing my arse for days.’ 
It’s very tricky to know exactly how to broach this conversation. I 
initially thought it would come up naturally on the call, but oddly 
enough castles and/or modelling don’t come up at all, and now it’s 
seven forty and I’ve only got five minutes before I know Leon has to 
head in to work. 

I’m not copping out of asking, though. Since the night when Justin 
turned up things with Leon have shifted; this is more than sexual 


tension and flirty Post-it notes now, and for some reason I’m finding 
that slightly terrifying. When I think about him I get this rush of 
unstoppable smiley joy chased with a sort of claustrophobic panic. 
But I suspect that’s probably a Justin hang-up, and frankly I’m done 
letting those hold me back. 

‘So,’ I begin, pulling my cardigan closer around me. I’m on the 
balcony; it’s become my favourite spot for evening phone calls. 
“You're free this weekend, right?’ 

‘Mmhmm,’ he says. He’s eating his brinner at the hospice while 
talking to me, so is even less chatty than usual, but I feel that will 
actually work to my advantage here. I think this proposal needs to 
be heard in full before it can be discussed. 

‘So, I have to go to a Welsh castle for the weekend to take photos 
of knitwear with Katherin, because I am her personal carer and 
despite the fact that I am paid a pittance, it is assumed that I will 
work weekends when told to, and that’s just how it is.’ 

A moment’s silence. ‘Mmkay?’ Leon says. He doesn’t sound 
annoyed. Which, now I think about it, he wouldn’t be — it’s not like 
I’m blowing him off, I have to work. And if anyone understands 
that, Leon does. 

I relax a bit. ‘But I really want to see you,’ I say, before I can- 
second-guess myself. ‘And Rachel has come up with a potentially 
terrible idea which could actually be really fun.’ 

‘Mm?’ Leon says, sounding a little nervous. He’s heard enough 
about Rachel to know that her ideas often involve large amounts of 
alcohol and indiscretion. 


‘How would you feel about a free weekend in a Welsh castle with 


me... in exchange for modelling some knitwear while you're 
there, to go on the Butterfingers’ social media?’ 

There is a loud choking noise at the other end of the phone. 

‘You hate the idea,’ I say, feeling my cheeks go pink. There’s a long 
silence. I should never have suggested this — Leon is all about quiet 
nights in with wine and good conversation, not parading himself 
around in front of cameras. 

‘I don’t hate the idea,’ Leon says. ‘Just .. . absorbing it.’ 

I wait, giving him some time. The pause is excruciating, and then, 
just when I think I know exactly how this whole embarrassing 
conversation is going to end: 

‘All right then,’ Leon says. 

I blink. Beneath the balcony, Fabio Fox roams by, and then a police 
car goes screaming past, sirens shrieking. 

‘All right then?’ I say, when it’s quiet enough for him to hear me. 
“You'll do it?’ 

‘Sounds like a relatively small price to pay for a weekend away 
with you. Plus, the only person who’d likely mock me for it would 
be Richie, and he doesn’t have Internet access.’ 

“You're serious?’ 

‘Are you modelling too?’ 

‘Oh, Martin probably thinks I’m too big,’ I say, waving an arm. ‘TIl 
just be there to Kathperone.’ 

‘Will I meet this Martin we like so much? And you'll be there to 
what?’ 

‘Kathperone. Sorry, that’s Rachel’s word for all the Katherin- 
chaperoning I have to do. And yeah, Martin will be coordinating the 


whole thing. He’ll be especially insufferable, because he’ll be in 
charge.’ 

‘Excellent,’ Leon says. ‘I can spend my posing time plotting his 
downfall.’ 


OCTOBER 


52 


Leon 


So. I’m standing in between two suits of armour, wearing a woolly 
jumper, staring into the middle distance. 

My life has got stranger with Tiffy in it. Have never been afraid of 
a strange life, but lately have grown rather . . . comfortable. Set in 
my ways, as Kay used to say. 

Can’t stay that way for long with Tiffy around. 

She’s helping Katherin style us models. The other two are waif-like 
teens; Martin is staring at them as if they’re edible. They’re nice, but 
conversation dried up after we caught up on this year’s Bake Off, and 
I’m now just counting down the minutes until Tiffy next gets to 
come over and adjust my woolly jumper in indiscernible ways that 
(I’m pretty sure) are just excuses to touch me. 

Lordy Lord Illustrator flits around set. He is a pleasant posh gentle- 
man; his castle is a little ramshackle, but it has rooms and suitably 
epic views, sO everyone seems happy. 

Except Martin. I joked with Tiffy about plotting his downfall, but 


when he’s not salivating over the other models, he looks as if he’s 
trying to work out the easiest way to push me off the battlements. 
Can’t figure it out. Nobody here knows about Tiffy and me - we 
thought that was simplest. But am wondering if he’s worked it out. 
If he does know, though, why would he care enough to glare at me 
so much? 

Ah, well. I do as I’m told and stare in slightly different direction. 
Am just grateful to get away from the flat this weekend; had a bad 
feeling Justin would appear. He will eventually. Clearly wasn’t 
finished when he left last Saturday. And yet he’s been quiet since. 
No flowers, no texts, no turning up wherever Tiffy is despite having 
no way of knowing where she might happen to be. Suspicious. I’m 
worried he is biding his time for something. Men like that don’t go 
away after a little scare. 

Try not to yawn (have been awake for many, many hours, with 
only small naps). I let my gaze drift in Tiffy’s direction. She’s in 
wellies and blue tie-dyed jeans, lounging sideways on an enormous 
Game of Thrones-style chair that stands in the corner of the armoury 
and probably isn’t intended for sitting on. Catch a glimpse of 
smooth skin as she shifts, her cardigan falling open. Swallow. 
Return gaze to particular bit of middle distance insisted upon by 
photographer. 

Martin: All right, let’s take a twenty-minute break! 

I make a run for it before he can commandeer me into doing 
something other than talking to Tiffy (so far, have had to spend my 
breaks moving ancient weaponry, hoovering up errant straw, and 


checking tiny graze on finger of one of the waif-like models). 


Me, on approaching Tiffy’s throne chair: What is that man’s 
problem with me? 

Tiffy shakes her head and swings her legs around to get up. 

Tiffy: Really, I have no idea. He’s even more of a dick to you than 
the rest of us, though, isn’t he? 

Rachel, in a hiss, from behind me: Run! Flee! Incoming! 

Tiffy doesn’t need telling twice. She grabs my hand and drags me 
away in the direction of the front hall (gigantic stone cavern with 
three staircases). 

Katherin, shouting after us: Are you leaving me to deal with him 
on my own? 

Tiffy: Bloody hell, woman! Just imagine he’s a Tory MP in the 
seventies, all right? 

I don’t turn around to see Katherin’s reaction, but can hear 
Rachel’s snort of laughter. Tiffy pulls me into ornate nook that 
looks as if it might once have housed a statue, and kisses me hard 
on the mouth. 

Tiffy: All this staring at you all day. It’s unbearable. And I am 
viciously jealous of everyone else getting to do it too. 

Feels like sipping something warm - spreads downwards from my 
chest, pulls my lips into a smile. Don’t know quite what to say, so 
kiss her instead. Her body presses mine against the cold stone wall, 
her hands twining around my neck. 

Tiffy, against my mouth: Next weekend. 

Me: Hmm? 

(Am busy kissing.) 

Tiffy: It'll be just the two of us. Alone. In our flat. And if anyone 


interrupts us or drags you off to administer to an eighteen-year-old’s 
scratched finger, I will personally have them executed. 

Pauses. 

Tiffy: Sorry. This whole castle setting is clearly getting into my 
head. 

Pull back, search her face. Have I not told her? I must have told 
her. 

Tiffy: What? What is it? 

Me: Richie’s trial is on Friday. Sorry. I’m staying at Mam’s for the 
weekend afterwards — didn’t I tell you? 

Feel a familiar fear. This will be the start of an unpleasant 
conversation — have forgotten to tell her something, am changing 
her plans... 

Tiffy: No! Are you serious? 

Stomach writhes. Reach to pull her in again, but she bats my 
hands away, eyes wide. 

Tiffy: You didn’t tell me! Leon - I didn’t know. I’m so sorry, but - 
Katherin’s book launch... 

I’m confused now. Why is she sorry? 

Tiffy: I wanted to be there, but it’s Katherin’s book launch on the 
Friday. I can’t believe this. Will you tell Richie to call when I’m in 
the flat, so I can apologise properly? 

Me: For what? 

Tiffy rolls her eyes impatiently. 

Tiffy: For not being able to come to his appeal! 

Stare at her. Blink a bit. Relax as I realise she is in fact not angry 


with me. 


Me: Never would expect... 

Tiffy: Are you joking? You didn’t think I was going to be there? It’s 
Richie! 

Me: You really wanted to come? 

Tiffy: Yes, Leon. I really, really wanted to come. 

Poke her in the cheek with one finger. 

Tiffy, already laughing: Ow! What was that for? 

Me: Youre real? A real-life human female? 

Tiffy: Yes, I’m real, you idiot. 

Me: Implausible. How are you so nice, and also very pretty? You’re 
a myth, no? You'll turn into an ogre at stroke of midnight? 

Tiffy: Stop it. Bloody hell, you have low standards! Why shouldn’t I 
want to come to your brother’s appeal? He’s my friend too. I 
actually spoke to him before I spoke to you, I’ll have you know. 

Me: I’m glad you didn’t meet him first. He is much more attractive 
than me. 

Tiffy wiggles eyebrows. 

Tiffy: Is that why you didn’t mention the appeal date? 

Scuff feet. Thought I’d told her. She squeezes my arm. 

Tiffy: It’s all right, honestly, I’m just teasing. 

Think of the months of notes and leftover dinners, the never 
knowing her. Feels so different now I’ve met her. Can’t believe I 
wasted all that time - not just those months, but the time before 
that, the years of dawdling, settling, waiting. 

Me: No, I should’ve told you. We should get better at this. We can’t 
keep relying on snatching days together as and when. Or on 
colliding by accident. 


I pause, testing a thought. Could switch to the occasional day 
shift? Stay in the flat one night a week? Open my mouth to suggest 
it, but Tiffy’s eyes have gone wide and serious, almost nervous, and I 
freeze, suddenly sure it’s the wrong thing to say. Then, after a 
moment: 

Tiffy, brightly: How about a calendar on the fridge? 

Right. That’s probably more appropriate - it’s early days. Am being 
far too Keen. 

Glad I didn’t say anything now. 


53 


Tiffy 


I stare up at the very distant, very spiderwebby ceiling. It’s 
absolutely bloody freezing in here, even under a duvet and three 
blankets, with Rachel’s body heat to the left of me like a person- 
shaped radiator. 

Today has been an extremely frustrating day. It’s unusual you get 
to spend an entire eight hours staring at the person you fancy. If 
we’re honest, most of my day has been spent fantasising about all of 
the other people in this castle being vaporised, leaving just me and 
Leon, naked (the vaporiser also took our clothes), with many 
exciting places to have sex in. 

I’m still clearly a mess about Justin, and as things progress with 
Leon I can feel nice-scary tilting towards scary-scary a little more 
often. When Leon started talking about making more time for each 
other, for instance, the panicky trapped feeling tightened right in 
again. But beneath that, when I’m thinking clearly, I have such a 
good feeling about Leon. He’s where my mind goes when I’m 


feeling my best. He makes me even more determined to get over 
what happened with Justin because I don’t want to be carrying the 
weight of that with Leon. I want to be light and footloose and fancy- 
free. And naked. 

‘Stop it, Rachel mumbles into her pillow. 

‘Stop what?’ I hadn’t realised she was awake, or ld have had that 
whole little thought episode out loud. 

‘Your sexual frustration is making me tense,’ Rachel says, turning 
over and dragging as much of the duvet as possible with her. 

I cling on and yank it back an inch or two. ‘I’m not frustrated.’ 

‘Please. I bet you’ve just been waiting until I go to sleep so you can 
hump my leg.’ 

I poke her with a very cold foot. She yelps. 

‘My sexual frustration cannot be stopping you sleeping,’ I say, 
conceding the point. ‘If that was possible, nobody would ever have 
been able to sleep in Victorian times.’ 

She turns over to squint at me. ‘You’re weird,’ she says, rolling 
away again. ‘Go sneak out and find your boyfriend.’ 

‘He’s not my boyfriend,’ I say automatically, the way you learn to 
from the age of eight. 

‘Your special friend. Your beau. Your squeeze. Your—’ 

Tm going,’ I hiss at her, throwing back the duvet. 

Hana is gently snoring on the other bed. She actually looks like 
quite a nice person while she’s sleeping, but then it’s hard to look 
bitchy when you’re drooling into your pillow. 

Leon and I have come up with a plan to see each other tonight. 


Martin has for some irritating reason moved Leon into a double 


room, sharing with the cameraman, which means we can’t sneak 
into bed together. But, with Hana and the cameraman fast asleep, 
there’s no reason why we can’t slip out and go for a castle 
adventure. The idea was that we’d each get some rest, and then 
meet at three in the morning, but I’ve been too excited to sleep. 
Still, just-woken-up is nowhere near as good a look as Hollywood 
would have you believe, so it’s probably a good job I’ve been lying 
here awake for hours thinking inappropriate thoughts. 

I hadn’t counted on it being this bloody freezing, though. I’d 
imagined I’d wear just my underwear and a dressing gown - I 
brought sexy negligee-style underwear and everything - but right 
now I’m in fleece pyjama bottoms, woolly socks, and three jumpers, 
and there’s no way I’m taking these off. So I just slick on some lip 
gloss, give my hair a ruffle, and ease the door open. 

It creaks so much it borders on cliché, but Hana doesn’t wake. I 
slip out of the door as soon as it’s just about wide enough, and pull 
it closed behind me, wincing at all the groaning noises. 

Leon and I are meeting in the kitchen, because if anyone finds us 
there we’ve got a good excuse (given the number of biscuits I 
consume at work, nobody will have trouble believing that I need a 
midnight snack). I powerwalk down the carpeted hall, keeping a 
close eye on the rooms that line the corridor in case anyone else is 
up and about to spot me. 

Nobody. The powerwalking is warming me up a bit, so I take the 
stairs at a jog too, and by the time I arrive in the kitchen I’m 
slightly out of breath. 

The kitchen is the only bit of the castle that looks loved. It’s been 


redone recently, and, to my absolute delight, there is an enormous 
Aga at the far end. I plaster my body against it like a girl who’s 
found a former One Direction member in a nightclub and doesn’t 
plan on leaving without him. 

‘Should I be feeling this jealous?’ Leon says from behind me. 

I look over my shoulder. He’s standing in the doorway, his hair 
freshly smoothed back, in a loose T-shirt and jogging bottoms. 

‘If your body-heat is higher than this Aga’s temperature, I’m 
yours,’ I tell him, turning to warm my bum and the back of my legs, 
and to get a better look at him. 

He closes the space between us, casual, unhurried. There’s this 
understated confidence to him sometimes - he doesn’t show it 
much, but when he does it’s impossibly sexy. He kisses me and I get 
even warmer. 

‘Did you have any trouble sneaking out?’ I ask, breaking away to 
push my hair back over my shoulders. 

‘Larry the cameraman is a very heavy sleeper,’ Leon says, finding 
my mouth again and kissing me slowly. 

My heart is already thundering. I feel a little dizzy, as if all the 
blood that usually hangs around in my head has decided it has 
other places to be. Our lips barely parting, Leon lifts me up so I’m 
sitting on the Aga warming plate, and I wrap my legs around him, 
linking my ankles behind his body. He presses against me. 

I become gradually aware of the heat from the Aga working its 
way through my flannel pyjama bottoms and beginning to scald my 
bum. 


‘Ahh. Burny, I say, pushing forward so Leon takes my weight. He 


lifts me up, koala-bear style, and moves me to the sideboard instead, 
his lips slowly beginning to trace patterns all over me - neck and 
chest, lips again, neck, collarbone, lips. My head is starting to spin; 
I’m barely thinking. His hands find the narrow opening between my 
jumpers and pyjama bottoms, and then his hands are on my skin, 
and barely thinking becomes not thinking at all. 

‘Is it bad to have sex on surface where other people prepare food?’ 
Leon asks, pulling away, breathless. 

‘No! It’s just . . . clean! Hygienic,’ I say, pulling him back to me. 

‘Good,’ he says, and suddenly all my jumpers are off in one go. I’m 
not cold at all any longer. In fact, I could do with wearing fewer 
clothes. Why the hell didn’t I wear the negligee? 

I yank off Leon’s T-shirt and tug at the waistband of his jogging 
bottoms until he slips those off too. As I slide my body up against 
his he pauses for a moment. 

‘OK?’ he asks hoarsely. I can see the control he’s taking to ask the 
question; I answer with another kiss. ‘Yes? he says, mouth against 
mine. “This means OK?’ 

“Yes. Now stop talking,’ I tell him, and he does as he’s told. 

We’re so close. Pm almost naked, he’s almost naked, my head is 
full of Leon. This is it. It’s happening. My inner, sexually frustrated 
Victorian almost weeps with gratitude as Leon pulls me towards 
him by the hips so I’m pressed up against him, his body back 
between my legs. 

And then, there it is. The remembering. 

I stiffen. He doesn’t clock it at first, and for three deeply horrible 
seconds his hands are still moving over my body, his lips still 


pressed hard against mine. It’s very hard to describe this feeling. 
Panic, perhaps, but I’m completely immobile and feel strangely 
passive. I’m frozen, trapped, and have the odd sensation that some 
crucial part of me has detached itself. 

Leon’s hands slow, coming to a halt on either side of my face. He 
lifts my head gently to look at him. 

‘Ah,’ he says. He disentangles himself from me just as I begin to 
shake all over. 

I can’t seem to get that part of me back. I don’t know where this 
feeling came from - one moment I was about to have the sex I’d 
been fantasising over all week, and the next I was . . . remembering 
something. A body that wasn’t Leon’s, hands that were doing the 
same thing but I didn’t want them there. 

‘You want space, or a hug?’ he asks simply, standing a foot away 
from me now. 

‘Hug,’ I manage. 

He gathers me to him, reaching for the heap of jumpers on the 
counter as he does so. He drapes one over my shoulder and cuddles 
me close, my head pressed against his chest. The only giveaway of 
how frustrated he must be feeling is the thud-thud of his heartbeat 
in my ear. 

Tm sorry, I mutter into his chest. 

“You never should be that,’ he says. ‘Not sorry. OK?’ 

I smile shakily, pressing my lips to his skin. ‘OK.’ 


54 


Leon 


Am not usually an angry person. Am generally mild-mannered and 
hard to rile. Its always me who stops Richie fighting (usually on 
behalf of a woman, who may or may not need any assistance). But 
now something primal seems to be happening, and it’s taking 
enormous effort to keep my body relaxed and movements gentle. 
Hostile posture and tenseness will not help Tiffy. 

But I want to hurt him. Really. Don’t know what he did to Tiffy, 
what in particular triggered her this time, but whatever it was, it 
has hurt her so much she’s trembling all over like a kitten come in 
from the cold. 

She surfaces, wiping her face. 

Tiffy: Sorr— Umm. I mean. Hi. 

Me: Hi. You want a tea? 

She nods. Don’t want to let go of her, but holding on after she’s 
expecting me to is probably a bad plan. Dress again and head to 
kettle. 


Tiffy: That was... 

Wait. Kettle begins to boil, just a quiet rumble. 

Tiffy: That was really horrible. I don’t even know what happened. 

Me: Was it a new memory? Or something you've already talked 
through with the counsellor? 

She shakes her head, frowning. 

Tiffy: It wasn’t like a memory, it’s not like something came into 
my mind’s eye... 

Me: More like muscle memory? 

She looks up. 

Tiffy: Yeah. Exactly. 

Pour the teas. Open fridge for milk and pause. It’s filled with trays 
of little pink cupcakes iced with ‘F and J’. 

Tiffy pads over to join me, sliding an arm around my waist. 

Tiffy: Ooh. These must be for the wedding happening after we 
leave. 

Me: How closely do you think they paid attention to the quantity? 

Tiffy laughs. Not quite a full laugh, and a little wet with tears, but 
still good. 

Tiffy: Probably very. Although there are so many. 

Me: Too many. I’d estimate . .. three hundred. 

Tiffy: Nobody invites three hundred people to their wedding. 
Unless they’re really famous, or Indian. 

Me: Is it a famous Indian person’s wedding? 

Tiffy: Lordy Lord Illustrator didn’t explicitly say so. 

Pinch two cupcakes and give one to Tiffy. Her eyes are still a little 
pink from crying, but she’s smiling now, and eats the cupcake in 


almost one bite. Suspect she needs sugar. 

We eat in silence for a while, moving to lean against Aga side by 
side. 

Tiffy: So . . . in your professional opinion ... 

Me: As a palliative care nurse? 

Tiffy: As a vaguely medical person... 

Oh, no. These conversations never go well. People always assume 
they teach us all the medicine in the world at nursing school, and 
that we remember it five years later. 

Tiffy: Am I going to freak out like this every time we’re about to 
have sex? Because that is literally the most depressing thought ever. 

Me, carefully: I suspect not. May just take some time to work out 
triggers and how to avoid them until you feel safer. 

She looks at me sharply. 

Tiffy: ’m not... I don’t want you to think... he never, you know. 
Hurt me. 

Would like to dispute that. Seems he has hurt her rather a lot. But 
it’s definitely not my place, so I just go and fetch her another 
cupcake and hold it up for her to bite. 

Me: I’m not presuming anything. Just want you to feel better. 

Tiffy stares at me, then, from nowhere, pokes me in the cheek. 

Me, with a yelp: Hey! 

Cheek-poke is a lot more startling than I’d realised when I did it to 
her earlier. 

Tiffy: You’re not real, are you? You’re implausibly nice. 

Me: Am not. I’m a grumpy old man who dislikes most people. 

Tiffy: Most? 


Me: There are a small number of exceptions. 

Tiffy: How do you choose them? The exceptions? 

Shrug, uncomfortable. 

Tiffy: Really. Seriously. Why me? 

Me: Umm. Well. I suppose . . . There are some people I just feel 
comfortable with. Not many. But you were one before I even met 
you. 

Tiffy looks at me, head tilted, eyes holding my gaze for so long I 
twist on the spot, itching to drop the subject. Eventually she leans 
forward and kisses me slowly, tasting of icing. 

Tiffy: Pll be worth the wait. You'll see. 

As if I'd ever doubted it. 


55 


Tiffy 


I lean back in my desk chair, taking my eyes off the screen. I’ve 
been staring at it for way too long - the castle knitwear photos have 
been picked up on Daily Mail’s Femail, and it’s weird. Katherin is 
officially a celebrity. I can’t believe how quickly this has happened, 
and also can’t stop reading comments from other women about 
how hot Leon is in those photos. I obviously already know he’s hot, 
but still, it’s simultaneously horrible and kind of good to get 
external validation. 

I wonder how he’s feeling about it. I’m hoping he’s too 
technologically incapable to scroll to the comments section on the 
Daily Mail, because some of the comments are really quite X-rated. 
There’s obviously a few racist ones in there as well, this being a 
comments section on the Internet, and everything briefly descends 
into an argument about global warming being a liberalist 
conspiracy, and before I know it I have circled my way into the 
plughole of the Internet and wasted half an hour following people’s 


outlandish opinions on whether Trump is a neo-Nazi and whether 
Leon’s ears are too big. 

I go to counselling after work. As per usual Lucie sits in borderline 
uncomfortable silence for a while, and then, seemingly spontan- 
eously, I start telling her awful, painful stuff I mostly can’t even 
bear to think about. How cleverly Justin made me believe I had a 
bad memory, so he could always say I’d misremembered things. 
How brazenly he convinced me I'd thrown a bunch of clothes out 
when really he’d just been chucking stuff he didn’t like me wearing 
to the back of the wardrobe. 

How subtly he turned sex into something I owed him, even when 
he’d made me so sad I couldn’t think straight. 

It’s all business as usual for Lucie, though. She just nods. Or tilts 
her head. Or sometimes - in extreme cases, when I’ve said 
something out loud that almost physically hurts to utter — she says a 
supportive ‘yes’. 

This time she asks me at the end of the session how I think I’m 
getting on. I start with the usual stuff — ‘oh, this has been so great, 
honestly, thanks so much’, like when the hairdresser asks if you like 
the cut they’ve just given you. But Lucie just stares at me for a 
while, so then I think, how actually am I getting on? A couple of 
months ago I couldn’t face saying no to Justin taking me out for a 
drink. I was expending most of my mental energy keeping 
memories at bay. I wasn’t even willing to acknowledge that he’d 
abused me. And now, here I am, talking to Someone Who isn’t Mo 
about how what happened with Justin wasn’t my fault, and actually 
believing it. 


I listen to a lot of Kelly Clarkson on my way home on the tube. 
Facing my reflection in the glass, I throw my shoulders back and 
meet my own gaze, just like that first train journey from Justin’s 
place to the flat. Yes, I’m a little teary-eyed from counselling, but 
this time I’m not wearing sunglasses. 

You know what? I am extremely proud of myself. 

The question of how Leon feels about the photos in Femail is 
answered on my return to the flat. He has left this note for me on 
the fridge: 


Didn’t cook dinner. Too famous for that now. 
(i.e. got Deliveroo to celebrate Katherin’s/your success. Delicious Thai food 
in fridge for you.) x 


Well, it seems he’s not let it get to his head, so that’s something. I 
stick the Thai food in the microwave, humming ‘Stronger (What 
Doesn’t Kill You)’, and reach for a pen while it whirs. Leon’s 
working until Wednesday, then off to his mum’s; I won’t see him in 
person before Richie’s trial on Friday. He’s keeping busy - he’s off 
on his last Johnny White visit tomorrow morning, planning on 
taking the earliest train he can to Cardiff and getting back in time 
for a nap before he’s back to work. ld point out that that’s not 
enough sleep for him to function on, but I can tell he’s not sleeping 
well even when he’s here, so maybe it’s better for him to be out and 
about. He’s finally finished The Bell Jar, a sure sign he’s awake in the 
daytime, and seems to be surviving on caffeine mostly —- at this 


point in the month we are not usually running this low on instant 


coffee. 
I keep it brief. 


I’m glad you’ve taken well to your new life of celebrity. I, on the other 
hand, am now embarrassingly jealous of about a hundred women on the 
Internet who think you are ‘so yummy lol’, and have decided I much prefer 
it when it’s just me that gets to stare at you. 

I’m crossing my fingers that Johnny White the Eighth is The One! xx 


When the reply comes the next evening I can tell Leon’s 
exhausted. It’s something about the handwriting - it’s looser than 
usual, like he couldn’t muster the energy to hold the pen tight. 


Johnny White the Eighth is not our guy. Is actually very unpleasant and 
homophobic. Also made me eat a lot of out-of-date fig rolls. 
Richie says hi. He’s OK. Holding up. x 


Hmm. Richie may be holding up, but I’m not convinced that Leon 


is. 


56 


Leon 


Late for work. Talked to Richie for twenty minutes he couldn’t 
really afford about PTSD. It’s the first time in a long time that I’ve 
talked to Richie about something other than the case, which is 
strange as appeal is in three days’ time. Think Gerty has spoken to 
him so often he actually wanted a change of topic. 

Asked him about restraining orders too. He was clear on the 
subject: it’s for Tiffy to decide. Would be bad idea for me to seem to 
be imposing decisions on her - I must let her come to that 
conclusion on her own. Still hate that the ex knows where she lives, 
but must remember it is not my place to say. 

Late late now. Button up shirt on way out of building. ’m an 
expert at efficient flat departure. It’s all in the shaved-off seconds 
and the foregoing of brinner, which will come to haunt me at 11 
p.m. when day nurses have eaten all the biscuits. 

Strange man from Flat 5: Leon! 


Look up as building door slams shut behind me. It’s strange man 


from Flat 5, the one who (according to Tiffy) does energetic aerobics 
at 7 a.m. sharp, and accumulates banana crates in his parking space. 
Surprised to discover he knows my name. 

Me: Hi? 

Strange man from Flat 5: I never believed you were a nurse! 

Me: Right. I’m running late for work, so— 

Strange man from Flat 5 waves his mobile phone at me, like I 
should be able to discern what is on screen. 

Strange man, triumphantly: You’re a famous person! 

Me: Pardon? 

Strange man: You’re in the Daily Mail! Wearing a poncey famous- 
person jumper! 

Me: Poncey is no longer a politically correct term, strange man 
from Flat 5. Got to go. Enjoy the rest of Femail! 

Scarper as quickly as possible. Decide, on reflection, not to pursue 
life of celebrity. 

x 

Mr Prior is awake for long enough to see the photos. He’ll drop off 
again soon, but I know this will amuse him, so make sure to take 
the opportunity and get pictures up on phone screen. 

Hmm. Fourteen-thousand likes on a photo of me staring into 
distance in a black T-shirt and enormous crocheted scarf. Odd. 

Mr Prior: Very dashing, Leon! 

Me: Why, thank you. 

Mr Prior: Now, am I right that a certain fine young lady persuaded 
you to humiliate yourself in this fashion? 

Me: Eh. Umm. It was Tiffy’s idea. 


Mr Prior: Ah, the flatmate. And... the girlfriend? 

Me: No, no, not ‘girlfriend’. Not yet. 

Mr Prior: No? Last we spoke I got the impression you were rather 
smitten with each other. 

Check Mr Prior’s chart, keeping face carefully blank. Deranged 
liver function tests. Not good. To be expected, but still, not good. 

Me: I’m... yes. I’m that. Just don’t want to rush things. I don’t 
think she does either. 

Mr Prior frowns. His little beady eyes almost disappear under the 
folds of his eyebrows. 

Mr Prior: May I offer you some advice, Leon? 

I nod. 

Mr Prior: Don’t let your natural . . . reticence hold you back. Make 
it clear how you feel about her. After all, you’re something of a 
closed book, Leon. 

Me: Closed book? 

Notice that Mr Prior’s hands tremble as he smooths down the 
bedspread, and try not to think about prognostics. 

Mr Prior: Quiet. Brooding. I’m sure she finds it very attractive, but 
don’t let it be a barrier between you. I left it too long to tell my— I 
left things too late, and now I wish I’d just said what I wanted when 
I still could. Think what my life could have been. Not that I’m not 
happy with my lot, but... you do waste an awful lot of time when 
you're young. 

Can’t do anything around here without someone imparting 
wisdom in your direction. But Mr Prior has made me a little 
nervous. Felt after Wales I shouldn’t rush things with Tiffy. But 


maybe I’m holding back too much. I tend to, apparently. Wish I’d 
mentioned about changing to day shifts now. Still, I did go to a 
Welsh castle for her, and pose against windswept tree in large 
cardigan. Surely that makes my feelings clear? 

Richie: You’re not a naturally open person. 

Me: I am! Iam... I'm forthcoming. Expressive. An open book. 

Richie: You’re not bad at the old talking-about-feelings with me, 
but that doesn’t count, and it’s usually because I do it first. You 
should take a leaf from my book, bro. I’ve never had any time for 
the whole hard-to-get thing. Easy-to-get and put-it-on-the-line has 
always worked for me. 

Feel a bit wrong-footed. Was feeling good about everything with 
Tiffy, and am anxious now. Shouldn’t have told Richie what Mr Prior 
said — should’ve known what his opinion would be. Richie was 
writing love songs to serenade girls in school corridors when he was 
ten years old. 

Me: What am I meant to do, then? 

Richie: Fucking hell, man, just tell her you like her and you want 
to make things official. You clearly do, so it can’t be that hard. I 
have to go. Gerty’s got me talking her through the ten minutes after 
leaving the club again, seriously, I’m not sure that woman is human. 

Me: That woman is— 

Richie: Don’t worry, don’t worry. I won’t hear a word against her. I 
was going to say superhuman. 

Me: Good. 

Richie: Hot, too. 


Me: Don’t you even— 

Richie belly-laughs. I find myself grinning; I can never resist 
smiling with him when he laughs like that. 

Richie: [ll be good, I'll be good. But if she gets me out of here, I’m 
buying her dinner. Or asking for her hand in marriage, maybe. 

Smile fades a little. I feel a twinge of worry. The appeal is really 
happening. Two days to go. Haven’t even let myself imagine 
scenario where Richie is found not guilty, but my brain keeps going 
there against my will, playing out the scene. Bringing him home to 
sit on Tiffy’s paisley beanbag, drink beers, be my little brother 
again. 

Can’t find the words for what I want to tell him. Don’t get your 
hopes up? But of course he will - I have too. That’s the whole point. 
So... don’t let it get to you if it doesn’t work? Also ridiculous. No 
good words for the magnitude of the problem. 

Me: See you Friday. 

Richie: That’s the open book I know and love. See you Friday, bro. 


57 


Tiffy 


It’s first thing on Friday. The Day. 

Leon is at his mum’s place - they’re going to court together. 
Rachel and Mo are at mine. Mo’s tagging along to the book launch - 
given everything I’ve done for this book, even Martin could not 
deny me a plus one. 

Gerty pops in with Mo when he arrives, for a quick, cursory hug 
and a very hurried chat about Richie’s case. She is already dressed in 
her ridiculous lawyer wig, as if she’s doing an impression of an 
eighteenth-century painting. 

Mo is in his tux, looking adorable. I love it when Mo dresses up 
smartly. It’s like when you see photos of puppies dressed up as 
humans. He is visibly uncomfortable, and I can tell he’s itching to at 
least take off his shoes, but if he so much as reaches for his 
shoelaces then Gerty snarls at him and he withdraws, whimpering. 
When Gerty leaves, he looks visibly relieved. 

‘Just so you know, Mo and Gerty are totally shagging,’ Rachel tells 


me, passing me my hairbrush. 

I stare at her in the mirror. (There are nowhere near enough 
mirrors in this flat. We should have got ready at Rachel’s, which has 
an entire wall of mirrored cupboards in the bedroom for what I 
suspect to be sexual reasons, but she refuses to let Gerty in her flat 
since she made a comment about how messy it was at Rachel’s 
birthday party.) 

‘Mo and Gerty are not shagging,’ I say, coming to my senses and 
snatching the hairbrush. I’m attempting to tame my mane into a 
sleek up-do from one of our DIY hairstyling books. The author 
promised me that it was easy, but I’ve been on step two for fifteen 
minutes. There are twenty-two steps in total and half an hour left 
on the clock. 

‘They are,’ Rachel says matter-of-factly. “You know I can always 
tell.’ 

I just about refrain from informing Rachel that Gerty also thinks 
she can ‘always tell’ when a friend is sleeping with someone. I don’t 
want this to become a competition, especially as I’ve still not had 
sex with Leon. 

‘They live together,’ I say, through a mouthful of hairpins. “They’re 
more comfortable with each other than they used to be.’ 

‘You only get that comfortable if you get naked together,’ Rachel 
insists. 

‘That’s weird and gross. Anyway, I’m pretty sure Mo is asexual.’ 

Belatedly, I check that the bathroom door is closed. Mo is in the 
living room. He has spent the last hour looking either patient or 
bored, depending on whether he thinks we’re looking. 


“You want to think that, because of the whole he’s-like-a-brother-to- 
you thing. But he’s definitely not asexual. He came on to my friend 
Kelly at a party last summer.’ 

‘I cannot handle these sorts of revelations right now!’ I say, 
spitting out the hairpins. I put them between my teeth way too 
early. They’re for step four, and step three still has me flummoxed. 

‘Come here,’ Rachel says, and I breathe out. Thank God. 

‘You really left me hanging there,’ I tell her, as she takes the 
hairbrush, smooths out the damage I have done so far, and flicks 
through the up-do instructions with one hand. 

‘How else will you ever learn?’ she says. 

It’s 10 a.m. It’s weird being in formal dress this early in the 
morning. For some reason I am incredibly paranoid about dripping 
tea down the front of my fancy new dress, though I’m pretty sure if 
I were drinking a martini I wouldn’t have the same anxieties. It’s 
just weird drinking from a mug while wearing silk. 

Rachel has outdone herself - my hair is all smooth and shiny, 
knotted at the nape of my neck in a series of mysterious swirls just 
like in the picture. The side-effect, though, is that a copious amount 
of my chest is on show. When I tried this dress on I had my hair 
down - I didn’t really notice quite how much skin the off-the- 
shoulder sleeves and structured sweetheart neckline leave exposed. 
Oh well. This is my night, too - I’m the acquiring editor. I’m 
perfectly entitled to dress inappropriately. 

My alarm beeps to remind me to check in on Katherin. I call her, 
trying not to notice that she’s higher up my most-called list than my 


own mother. 
‘Are you ready?’ I ask as soon as she picks up. 
‘Almost!’ she trills. ‘Just made a quick adjustment to the outfit, and 


d 


‘What quick adjustment? I ask, suspicious. 

‘Oh, well when I tried it on again I realised how dour and boring 
this dress that your PR people picked makes me look under the 
bright lights of the day, she says, ‘so I’ve tweaked the hemline and 
the neckline.’ 

I open my mouth to tell her off, and then close it again. Firstly, the 
damage is clearly already done - if she’s re-hemmed, the dress is 
unsaveable. And secondly, my risqué dress choice will look much 
better next to someone else who has also decided to show an 
unprofessional amount of skin. 

‘Fine. We’ll pick you up at half past.’ 

‘Toodles! she says, hopefully ironically, though I’m not sure. 

I check the time as I hang up. Ten minutes spare. (I had to factor in 
time for Rachel to get ready, which always takes at least fifty per 
cent longer than you think it will. She’ll blame it on me for making 
her do my hair, obviously, but it’s really because she is the self- 
proclaimed queen of contouring, and spends at least forty minutes 
subtly altering the shape of her face before she even gets started on 
eyes and lips.) 

I’m just about to text Leon and see how he is when the flat phone 
rings. 

‘What the fuck is that?’ shouts Rachel from the bathroom. 

‘It’s our landline!’ I yell, already making a dash for the sound (it 


seems to be coming from the vicinity of the fridge). Dashing is not 
easy in this outfit - there’s a lot of billowing in the skirt region, and 
at least two risky moments where my bare foot catches in the tulle 
as I go. I wince as it yanks at my bad ankle. I can walk on it now, but 
it’s not enjoying this running thing. Not that my good ankle likes 
running either. 

‘It’s your what?’ Mo asks, sounding amused. 

‘Our landline,’ I repeat, fumbling around with the unbelievably 
large quantity of things on our kitchen surfaces. 

Tm sorry, you didn’t tell me this was the 1990s,’ calls Rachel, just 
as I find the phone. 

‘Hello?’ 

‘Tiffy? 

I frown. ‘Richie? Are you all right? 

‘TIl be honest with you, Tiffy, he says, Tm shitting myself. Not 
literally. Though it might be a matter of time.’ 

‘Whoever it is, I hope they’re enjoying the latest Blur CD,’ Rachel 
calls. 

‘Hang on? I head for the bedroom and close the door firmly 
behind me. With difficulty, I rearrange my skirt so that I can perch 
on the edge of the bed without anything ripping. ‘Shouldn’t you be, 
I don’t know, in a van or something? How are you calling me? They 
have remembered your court date, right?’ 

I’ve heard enough horror stories from Gerty and Leon now to 
know that prisoners don’t always make it to court when they 
should, thanks to the various prison-related bureaucracies that are 
required to overlap in this situation. They moved Richie down to a 


(even grimmer) London prison a few days ago so he’d be in the area 
for the trial, but there’s still the journey from the prison to the 
courthouse. I feel physically sick at the thought of all this 
preparation going to waste because someone forgot to call someone 
else about transportation. 

‘No, no, I’ve done the van bit,’ Richie says. ‘Barrel of laughs, let me 
tell you. Somehow spent five hours in there, though I could have 
sworn we weren’t moving for half of it. No, I’m at the courthouse 
now, in a holding cell. I’m not really allowed a phone call, but the 
guard is an Irish lady, and she says I remind her of her son. And that 
I look terrible. She told me to call my girlfriend, but I don’t have 
one, so I thought Id call you, since you’re Leon’s girlfriend and 
that’s close enough. It was that or Rita from school, who I don’t 
think I ever technically broke up with.’ 

‘You’re rambling, Richie,’ I tell him. ‘What’s the matter? Is it 
nerves?’ 

““Nerves” makes me sound like I’m an old lady. It’s terror,’ 

‘That does sound better. More horror movie. Less fainting because 
your corset is too tight.’ 

‘Exactly.’ 

‘Is Gerty there?’ 

‘I can’t see her yet. She’s busy doing whatever lawyers do, anyway. 
I’m on my own now.’ His tone is light and self-deprecating, as 
always, but you don’t have to listen hard to hear the tremor in his 
voice. 

‘You are not on your own,’ I tell him firmly. ‘You have all of us. And 
remember - when we first spoke you told me you’re coming to 


terms with being in prison. Well, that’s the worst-case scenario 
here. More of what you have already coped with.’ 

‘What if I vomit in the courtroom?’ 

‘Then someone will clear the room and call a cleaner, and you'll 
pick up where you left off. It’s not exactly going to make the judges 
think youw’re an armed robber, is it?’ 

He gives a strangled version of a chuckle. For a moment there is 
silence. 

‘I don’t want to let Leon down,’ he says. ‘He’s got his hopes up so 
high. I don’t want— I can’t bear to let him down again. Last time 
was the worst thing. Honestly, it was the worst. Seeing his face.’ 

“You have never let him down,’ I say. My heart is thumping. This is 
important. ‘He knows you didn’t do it. The .. . the system let you 
both down.’ 

‘I should have just taken it. Served my sentence and got out, and 
let him get on with his life in the meantime. All this - it’s only 
going to make everything worse for him.’ 

‘Leon was going to fight no matter what you did,’ I say. ‘He was 
never just going to let his little brother get picked on. If you’d given 
up, that would have hurt him.’ 

He takes a big, juddering breath, and lets it out again. 

‘That’s good,’ I say. ‘Breathing. I hear that’s a good one for those 
with delicate nerves. Have you got any smelling salts?’ 

That gets another chuckle, a little less strangled this time. 

‘Are you calling me a pussy?’ Richie asks. 

‘I fully believe that you’re a very brave man,’ I tell him. ‘But yes. 
I’m calling you a pussy. In case that helps you remember how brave 


you are.’ 

‘Ah, you’re a good girl, Tiffy,’ Richie says. 

Tm not a dog, Richie. And — now that you’re hopefully less green . 

. Can we go back to how you just said “Leon’s girlfriend”? 

There’s a pause. 

‘Not Leon’s girlfriend?’ he says. 

‘Not yet,’ I tell him. ‘Well, I mean, we’ve not discussed that. We’ve 
only been on a few dates, technically.’ 

‘He’s mad about you,’ Richie says. ‘He might not say it out loud, 
but... 

I feel a twinge of anxiety. I’m crazy about Leon, too. I spend most 
of my waking hours thinking about him, and a few of the sleeping 
ones too. But .. . I don’t know. The idea of him wanting to be my 
boyfriend makes me feel so trapped. 

I adjust my dress, wondering if I’m the one having the problem 
with corsets and nerves. I really like Leon. This is ridiculous. 
Objectively, I would like to call him my boyfriend, and introduce 
him to people as such. That’s what you always want when you’re 
crazy about someone. But... 

What would Lucie say? 

Well, she’d probably say nothing, to be honest. She’d just leave me 
to stew on the fact that this weird fear of getting trapped is almost 
certainly to do with the fact that I was in a relationship with a man 
who never really let me go. 

‘Tiffy? Richie says. ‘I should probably get going.’ 

‘Oh, God, yes,’ I say, coming to my senses. I don’t know what I’m 
doing worrying about relationship labels when Richie is about to 


walk into court. ‘Good luck, Richie. I wish I could be there.’ 

‘Maybe see you on the other side,’ he says, voice trembling again. 
‘And if not — look after Leon.’ 

This time, the request doesn’t sound strange. ‘I will,’ I tell him. ‘I 


promise.’ 


58 


Leon 


Hate this suit. Last wore it for court case number one, and then 
shoved it in wardrobe at Mam’s place, tempted to burn it like it was 
contaminated. Glad I didn’t. Can’t afford to keep burning suits every 
time the legal system fails to deliver justice. This might not be our 
last appeal. 

Mam is weepy and shaking. I try so hard to be strong for her, but 
can’t bear to be in the room with her. Would be easier with any 
other person, but with Mam, it’s awful. I want her to mother me, 
not the other way around, and it almost makes me angry seeing her 
like this, even while it makes me sad. 


I check my phone. 


I’ve just spoken to Richie — he called here for a bit of a morale boost. He’s doing 
fine. You're all going to be fine, whatever happens. Text me if there’s anything | 
can do. | can always duck out for a phone call. Tiffy xx 


I feel warm for a moment, after a morning of sustained cold fear. 


Remind myself of new resolve to tell Tiffy explicitly how I feel and 
move things in direction of seriousness, e.g. meeting parents etc. 

Mam: Sweetie? 

One last look in mirror. Thinner, longer-haired, stretched-out 
Richie stares back at me. I can’t get him out of my head —- I keep 
remembering how he looked when they read out his sentence, the 
endless barrage of nonsense about his cold-blooded, calculated 
crime, how his eyes went wide and blank with fear. 

Mam: Leon? Sweetie? 


Me: Coming. 


Hello again, courtroom. 

It’s so mundane. Nothing like the wooden seats and vaulted 
ceilings of American legal dramas - just lots of files on desks, 
carpet, and tiered benches from which a few bored-looking lawyers 
and journalists have come to spectate. One of the journalists is 
trying to find a plug to charge his phone. A law student is 
inspecting the back of her smoothie bottle. 

It’s bizarre. Earlier this year, I would have wanted to scream at 
both of them. Pay some fucking attention. You’re watching someone’s life 
being destroyed. But it’s all part of the peculiar drama of this ritual, 
and now that we know how to play the game — now that we have a 
lawyer who knows the rules - the ritual doesn’t bother me so much. 

A wizened man in a long cloak like a Harry Potter character enters 
with prison guard and Richie. Richie is not cuffed, which is 
something. But he looks just as bad as I suspected. He’s bulked up in 
the last few months, exercising again, but with his shoulders 


slumped the muscle seems to weigh him down. Can barely 
recognise him as the brother who first walked into court last year, 
the one with total confidence that if you’re innocent you walk out 
free. The brother who grew up at my shoulder, matching me step 
for step, always having my back. 

Almost can’t look at him - it’s too painful seeing the fear in his 
eyes. Somehow, from somewhere, I manage an encouraging smile 
when he looks at me and Mam. They put him in a glass box and 
close the door behind him. 

We wait. Journalist succeeds at plugging in phone, and continues 
to scroll through what looks like the Reuters homepage, despite 
enormous sign forbidding use of mobile phones directly above his 
head. Smoothie-bottle girl is now pulling loose threads out of fluffy 
scarf. 

Have to keep smiling at Richie. Gerty is here, dressed in that 
ridiculous outfit, almost indistinguishable from the rest of the 
lawyers even though I’ve seen her eating Chinese takeaway in my 
kitchen. I feel myself bristling just at the sight of her. It’s something 
guttural, instinctive now. Have to remind myself over and over that 
she’s on our team. 

Wizened robed man: All rise! 

Everyone stands. Three judges file into the room. Is it generalising 
to point out that literally all of them are white middle-aged men 
whose shoes look like they are worth more than my mother’s car? I 
try to quell my rising hatred as they settle into their seats. Flick 
through the paperwork in front of them. Look up, finally, at Gerty 
and the prosecution barrister. Not one of them looks at my brother. 


Judge 1: Shall we begin? 


59


Tiffy 


Katherin is a tiny, black-clad stick figure on the stage. Behind her, 
blown up to terrifying proportions, she’s repeated in close-up - one 
screen is just her hands, so viewers can watch how she uses the 
crochet hook, and the other two focus on her face. 

It’s amazing. The whole crowd is rapt. We’re so overdressed for a 
daytime event about crochet, but Katherin insisted on the dress 
code — despite all her anti-bourgeois values, she bloody loves an 
excuse to wear something fancy. Women in cocktail dresses gaze up 
at Katherin’s enormous face, immortalised on the big screens 
beneath the vaulted ceiling. Men in tuxedos chuckle warmly at 
Katherin’s witticisms. I even catch one young woman in a satin 
gown copying the movements of Katherin’s hands, though all she’s 
holding is a miniature goat’s cheese canapé, no crochet hook in 
sight. 

Despite all of this, all its distracting absurdity, I can’t stop thinking 
about Richie and the way his voice trembled on the phone. 


Nobody would notice if I just sneaked out. I might look a little 
incongruous for the courtroom, but maybe I could head via my flat, 
and pick up a change of clothes for the taxi ride... 

God, I can’t believe I’m considering paying for a taxi. 

‘Look!’ Rachel hisses suddenly, poking me in the ribs. 

‘Oww! What?’ 

‘Look! It’s Tasha Chai-Latte!’ 

I follow her pointing finger. A young woman dressed in a subtle 
lilac cocktail dress has just entered the crowd, a staggeringly 
attractive boyfriend in tow. An intimidating man in a tux follows 
the two of them - their bodyguard, presumably. 

Rachel’s right, it’s definitely her. I recognise the chiselled 
cheekbones from YouTube. Despite myself, I feel my stomach flutter 
a little - I’m such a sucker for a famous person. 

‘I can’t believe she came!’ 

‘Martin will be ecstatic. Do you think she’ll let me take a picture 
with her?’ Rachel asks. Above us, the gigantic Katherins on their 
screens smile out at the crowd, and her hands hold up a finished 
square. 

‘It’s the big man in the tux I’d worry about, if I were you.’ 

‘She’s filming! Look!’ 

Tasha Chai-Latte’s impossibly handsome boyfriend has pulled a 
compact, expensive-looking video camera out of his satchel, and is 
fiddling with the buttons. Tasha checks her hair and make-up, 
dabbing a finger along her lips. 

‘Oh my God. She’s going to put the event on her YouTube channel. 
Do you think Katherin will mention you in her thank-you speech? 


We'll be famous!’ 

‘Calm down,’ I tell her, exchanging a look with Mo, who is 
currently working his way through the large pile of canapés he has 
been hoarding while everyone else is too distracted by crochet to 
capitalise on the food. 

Tasha’s boyfriend lifts the camera, training it on Tasha’s face. 
Immediately she is wreathed in smiles, all thought of hair and 
make-up forgotten. 

‘Get closer, get closer,’ Rachel mutters, shooing Mo in the direction 
of Tasha. We shuffle along, trying to look nonchalant, until we’re 
just about close enough to hear them. 

‘.. . amazing lady!’ Tasha is saying. ‘And isn’t this place beautiful? 
Oh my God, you guys, I feel so lucky to be here, and to be able to 
share it with all of you - live! You know how I feel about supporting 
real artists, and that’s exactly what Katherin is.’ 

The crowd bursts into applause - Katherin has finished her 
demonstration. Tasha gives an impatient gesture, telling her 
boyfriend to do another take. I guess they’re warming up for the 
live stream. 

‘And now a few thank-yous!’ Katherin says from the stage. 

‘This is it, Rachel whispers excitedly. ‘She’ll definitely mention you.’ 

My stomach twists. I’m not sure I want her to mention me - there 
are a lot of people in this room, and an extra few million who will 
soon be watching via Tasha Chai-Latte’s YouTube channel. I adjust 
my dress, trying to inch it a little higher. 

I needn’t have worried, though. Katherin starts by thanking her 
entire network of friends and family, which turns out to be 


extensive to the point of absurdity (I can’t help wondering if she’s 
taking the piss a bit - it would be just like her). The crowd’s 
attention shifts; people begin to move around in search of prosecco 
and tiny food. 

‘And finally,’ Katherin says grandly, ‘there are two people who I 
just had to save until last.’ 

Well, that can’t be me. It’ll be her mum and dad or something. 
Rachel shoots me a disappointed look, and then returns her 
attention to Tasha and her boyfriend, who are filming everything 
with quiet concentration on their faces. 

‘Two people without whom this book would never have 
happened,’ Katherin goes on. “These two have worked so hard to 
make Crochet Your Way possible. And, even better than that, they 
believed in me from the very start — long before I was lucky enough 
to gather crowds this large for my events.’ 

Rachel and I turn to stare at one another. 

‘It won’t be me,’ Rachel whispers, suddenly looking very nervous. 
‘She doesn’t even remember my name most of the time.’ 

‘Tiffy and Rachel have been editor and designer on my books for 
the last three years, and they are the reason for my success,’ 
Katherin says grandly. The crowd applauds. ‘I cannot thank them 
enough for making my book the best it can possibly be - and the 
most beautiful it can possibly be. Rachel! Tiffy! Will you get up here 
please? I have something for you both.’ 

We gawp at one another. I think Rachel might be hyperventilating. 
I have never regretted an outfit choice more than I do now. I have to 
get up onstage in front of one thousand people, wearing something 


that only just covers my nipples. 

But as we stumble our way to the stage — which really does take 
quite some time, we weren’t very near the front — I can’t help 
noticing Katherin smiling down from her giant screens. In fact, she 
almost looks a little teary. God. I feel like a bit of a fraud. I mean, I 
have worked pretty much full-time on Katherin’s book for the last 
few months, but I also complained about it a lot, and didn’t actually 
pay her very much to begin with. 

I’m onstage before I’ve really registered whats happening. 
Katherin kisses me on the cheek and hands me an enormous 
bouquet of lilies. 

‘Thought I’d forgotten you two, didn’t you?’ she whispers in my 
ear, with a cheeky smile. ‘The fame’s not gone quite that far to my 
head yet.’ 

The crowd is clapping, and the sound echoes down from the roof 
until I can’t tell where it’s coming from. I smile, hoping that sheer 
willpower will be sufficient adhesive for the top of my dress. The 
lights are so bright when you're up here - they’re like starbursts on 
the insides of my eyes every time I blink, and everything is either 
very white and shiny or black and shadowy, like someone’s messed 
with the contrast. 

I think that’s why I don’t really notice the commotion until it 
reaches the front of the crowd, trembling its way through the 
throng, sending heads turning and people crying out as they 
stumble as though they’ve been pushed. Eventually a figure shoves 
its way through and vaults on to the stage. 

I can’t really see properly, eyes burned with all the lights, lily 


heads bobbing in front of me as I try to get a good hand-hold on the 
bouquet of flowers and wonder how I’m going to get down off the 
stage in these shoes without being able to use the handrail. 

I recognise the voice, though. And once I’ve registered that, 
everything else drops away. 

‘Can I have the mic?’ says Justin, because of course, implausibly, 
impossibly, the figure pushing his way through the crowd was his. ‘I 
have something I want to say.’ 

Katherin’s passed him the mic before she’s even thought about it. 
She glances at me at the last moment, frowning, but it’s already in 
Justin’s hand. That’s Justin: he asks, he gets. 

He turns to face me. 

‘Tiffy Moore,’ he says, ‘look at me.’ 

He’s right - I’m not looking at him. As though he is holding me on 
strings, my head snaps around and my eyes meet his. There he is. 
Square jaw, perfectly trimmed beard, strong shoulders beneath a 
tuxedo jacket. Eyes soft and trained on my face as if I’m the only 
girl in the room. You can’t see a trace of the man I have been 
talking about in counselling, the one who hurt me. This man is a 
dream come true. 

‘Tiffy Moore,’ he begins again. Everything feels wrong, as if I’ve 
stepped into my Sliding Doors alternative world, and suddenly all 
trace of my other life, the one where I didn’t need or want Justin, is 
threatening to desert me. ‘I have been lost without you.’ 

There’s a pause. A lurching, sickening, echoing silence, like the 
long raw note in your ears when the music stops. 


Then Justin drops down on one knee. 


All at once I am aware of the crowd’s reaction — they coo and ahh - 
and I can see the faces onstage around me, Rachel’s twisted in 
shock, Katherin’s mouth open. I desperately want to run away, 
though I suspect that even if I could muster the strength, my legs 
would be too frozen to do everything required of them. It’s as if the 
whole lot of us onstage are performing some sort of tableau. 

‘Please,’ I begin. Why have I started by pleading? I try the sentence 
again, but he doesn’t let me. 

‘You’re the woman I am meant to be with,’ he says. His voice is 
gentle but carries well with the microphone. ‘I know that now. I 
can’t believe I ever lost faith in us. You’re everything I could 
possibly want and more.’ He tilts his head, a gesture I used to find 
irresistible. ‘I know I don’t deserve you, I know you're far too good 
for me, but...’ 

Something twangs inside me as if it’s pulled close to snapping. I 
remember how Gerty said Justin knows exactly how to play me, and 
there it is: the Justin who got me in the first place. 

‘Tiffany Moore,’ he says, ‘will you marry me?’ 

There’s something about his eyes — it was always his eyes that got 
me. As the silence stretches taut it seems to tighten around my 
throat. The feeling that I am in two places at once, that I’m two 
people at once, is so acute it’s almost like being half asleep and 
tugged between waking and dreaming. Here is Justin, begging for 
me. The Justin I always wanted. The Justin I had right at the start, 
who I went through countless rows and break-ups for, the one who I 
always believed was worth fighting for to get back. 

I open my mouth and speak, but without the microphone my 


voice is lost behind the lilies. Even I can’t hear my answer. 

‘She said yes!’ Justin yells, standing up, stretching his arms out 
wide. ‘She said yes!’ 

The crowd erupts. The noise is too much. The light sears stripes 
under my eyelids, and Justin is bundling me in, hugging me close, 
his mouth on my hair, and it doesn’t even feel strange, it feels like 
it always used to — his firm body against mine, the warmth of him, 
all horribly, perfectly familiar. 


60 


Leon 


Ms Constantine: Mrs Wilson, as our first expert witness, please 
could you begin by telling the judges what your expertise entails? 

Mrs Wilson: I’m a CCTV analyst and enhancer. Have been for 
fifteen years. I work for the UK’s leading CCTV forensics business - 
it was my team that pulled that enhanced footage together [gestures 
to screen]. 

Ms Constantine: Thank you very much, Mrs Wilson. And in your 
experience of examining CCTV footage, what can you tell us about 
these two short clips that we have seen today? 

Mrs Wilson: Plenty. They’re not the same bloke, to start with. 

Ms Constantine: Really? You sound absolutely sure of that. 

Mrs Wilson: Oh, sure as anything. For starters, look at the colour 
of the hoodie in the enhanced footage. Only one hoodie is black. 
You can tell by the shade that it comes out as, see? The black is a 
denser colour. 


Ms Constantine: Can we have images from both up on screen, 


please? Thank you. 

Mrs Wilson: And then look at how they walk! It’s a fair imitation, 
all right, but the first bloke is clearly fu— is clearly drunk, My 
Lords. Look at how he’s zigzagging. Almost walks into the display. 
Then the next guy walks much straighter and doesn’t fumble or 
anything when he reaches for the knife. Our first bloke nearly 
dropped the beers! 

Ms Constantine: And with the new CCTV footage from outside 
Aldi, we can see the distinctively . . . zigzagged walk more clearly. 

Mrs Wilson: Oh, yeah. 

Ms Constantine: And of the group that we see walking by a few 
moments after the first figure, who we have identified as Mr 
Twomey ... would you be able to identify any of those figures as the 
man with the knife in the off-licence? 

Mr Turner, to the judges: My Lords, this is nothing but speculation. 

Judge Whaite: No, we’ll allow it. Ms Constantine is calling on her 
witness’s expertise. 

Ms Constantine: Mrs Wilson, could any of those men have been 
the man in the off-licence, looking at this footage? 

Mrs Wilson: Oh, yeah. Bloke on the far right. His hood is down, 
and he’s not putting on the walk there, but look at how his 
shoulder drops with each step of his left foot. Look how he rubs his 
shoulder — the same gesture as the bloke in the off-licence makes 
before he pulls out the knife. 

Mr Turner: We are here to examine an appeal against Mr 
Twomey’s conviction. What is the relevance of implicating an 


unidentifiable bystander? 


Judge Whaite: I see your point, Mr Turner. All right, Ms 
Constantine - do you have any further questions which are 
pertinent to the case at hand? 

Ms Constantine: None, My Lord. I hope perhaps we can return to 
this discussion at a later date, should this case be reopened. 

Prosecution lawyer, Mr Turner, scoffs into his hand. Gerty turns a 
freezing cold glare on him. I remember how Mr Turner intimidated 
Richie at the last trial. Called him a thug, a violent-minded criminal, 
a child who took whatever he wanted. I watch Mr Turner pale under 
Gerty’s gaze. To my delight, even robed and wigged, Mr Turner is 
not immune to the power of Gerty’s dirty looks. 

I meet Richie’s eye, and, for the first time all day, crack a genuine 

smile. 
Step outside in the break and switch on my phone. My heart’s not 
exactly beating faster than usual, just beating . . . louder. Bigger. 
Everything feels exaggerated: when I buy a coffee, it tastes stronger; 
when the sky clears, the sun is stark and bright. Can’t believe how 
well it’s going in there. Gerty just doesn’t stop — every single thing 
she says is so. . . conclusive. The judges keep nodding. The judge 
never nodded first-time around. 

I’ve imagined this too many times, and now I’m living it. Feels as if 
I’m inside a daydream. 

A few messages from Tiffy. I go to tap out a brief reply, palms 
sweaty, almost afraid writing it down and sending will jinx it. Wish 
I could call her. Instead I check Tasha Chai-Latte’s Facebook page - 
Tiffy says she’s filming the book launch. There’s already a video on 


her page with thousands of views; looks like it’s from the launch, 
judging by the vaulted ceiling in the holding image. 

I watch, settling down on bench outside the court building, 
ignoring the gaggle of paparazzi waiting there for the chance of 
shooting someone they might get paid for. 

It’s Katherin’s thank-you speech. I smile as she talks about Tiffy. 
From what Tiffy says, editors never get much credit, and designers 
even less — I can see Rachel beaming as she takes the stage with 
Tiffy. 

Camera jolts. Someone pushing through to the front. As he jumps 
up on to the stage I realise who it is. 

Sudden awful, guilt-inducing urge to leave courtroom and go to 
Islington. Sit forward, staring at the tiny video playing out on my 
screen. 

Video cuts after she’s said yes. 

Surprising how truly terrible it feels. Perhaps you never know how 
you feel about someone until they agree to marry someone else. 


61 


Tiffy 


Justin pulls me off the stage to the wings. I go with him, because 
more than anything else I want the noise and the lights and the 
crowd to go away, but as soon as we’re through the curtain I yank 
my hand from his grasp. My wrist sings out in pain; he was holding 
on tightly. We’re in a narrow, black-walled space to the side of the 
stage, which is empty aside from a black-clad man with a walkie- 
talkie and lots of cables around his feet. 

‘Tiffy? Justin says. The vulnerability in his voice is completely 
contrived, I can tell. 

‘What the fuck do you .. .’ I begin. ’m shaking all over; it’s hard to 
stand, especially in these high heels. “What was that?’ 

‘What was what?’ He reaches for me again. 

Rachel bursts through the curtain behind us, kicking off her shoes. 
“Tiff— Tiffy” 

I twist towards her as she runs into me, letting her hold me 
tightly. Justin looks down at us both, eyes narrowed a little — I can 


see he’s calculating something behind those eyes, so I turn my head 
into the thick mass of Rachel’s braids and try very, very hard not to 
Cry. 

‘Tiffy? calls someone else. It’s Mo. I can’t work out where he is. 

‘Your friends are here to congratulate you, Justin says 
benevolently, but his shoulders are stiff and tensed. 

‘Mo?’ I call. He appears from behind Justin, through the curtains 
that separate us from the main backstage area; his jacket is gone 
and his hair is mussed as though he’s been running. 

In a moment, he’s at my side. Behind me I can hear Katherin 
valiantly trying to bring the subject back to Crochet Your Way 
onstage. 

Justin watches the three of us. Rachel still has hold of me, and I 
lean into her as I look up at Justin. 

‘You know I didn’t say yes,’ I say flatly. 

His eyes widen. ‘What do you mean?’ he says. 

I shake my head. I know what this is - I remember this feeling, the 
nagging sense of wrongness. “You can’t make me believe something 
that I know isn’t true.’ 

There’s a flicker behind his eyes - maybe he’s thinking, I already 
have, plenty of times. 

‘Not any more,’ I say. ‘And do you know what it’s called, when you 
do that? It’s called gaslighting. It’s a form of abuse. Telling me 
things aren’t the way I can see them.’ 

This knocks him. I’m not sure Rachel or Mo will notice it, but I 
watch him take the hit. The Tiffy he is familiar with would never 
have used words like ‘gaslighting’ and ‘abuse’. Seeing him waver 


sends a rush of fearful excitement through me, like the feeling 
when you stand close to the edge as the train rushes by. 

‘You did say yes,’ he says. The light from the stage creeps between 
the curtains behind us, leaving a long stripe of yellow across the 
shadowy lines of Justin’s face. ‘I heard you! And... you do want to 
marry me, don’t you, Tiffy? We belong together.’ 

He tries to reach for my hand. The whole thing is so obviously a 
performance. I pull back and, quick as a flash, Rachel reaches out 
and slaps his outstretched hand away from me. 

He doesn’t physically react. When he speaks, his voice is light and 
wounded. ‘What was that for?’ 

“You don’t touch her,’ Rachel spits at him. 

‘I think you should leave, Justin,’ Mo says. 

‘What is this all about, Tiffy?’ Justin asks me, voice still gentle. ‘Are 
your friends upset with me because we were broken up?’ He Keeps 
trying to move closer, just in inches, but Rachel has hold of me 
tight, and, with Mo at my other shoulder, we’re a unit. 

‘Can I ask you something?’ I say suddenly. 

‘Of course,’ Justin says. 

The sound guy in black glances at us in irritation. ‘You’re not 
meant to stay back here,’ he tells us, as the crowd outside bursts 
into noisy applause. 

I ignore him, my eyes on Justin. ‘How did you know I'd be here 
today?’ 

‘What do you mean? This event was advertised all over the place, 
Tiffy. I could hardly use the Internet and miss it.’ 

‘But how did you know I would be here? How did you even know I 


was working on this book?’ 

I know I’m right. I can see it in the shiftiness in his eyes. He eases 
a finger under his collar. 

‘And how did you know I would be at that book launch in Shore- 
ditch? And how did you know Td be on that cruise ship?’ 

He’s unsettled; he scoffs, giving me the first unpleasant, 
disparaging look of the evening. That’s more like it - that’s the 
Justin lve begun to remember. 

For a moment he’s caught in indecision, and then he opts for an 
easy smile. ‘Your mate Martin has been giving me tip-offs,’ he says 
sheepishly, like a naughty boy caught pinching things. Sweet, 
mischievous, harmless. ‘He knew how much I care about you, so 
he’s been helping to get us back together.’ 

‘You're joking,’ Rachel blurts. I glance at her; her eyes are flashing 
and she looks more terrifying than I have ever seen her looking 
before, which is really saying something. 

‘How do you even know Martin?’ I ask in disbelief. 

‘Quiet!’ the sound guy hisses. We all ignore him. 

‘We met at your work night out, remember?’ Justin says. ‘Is this 
important? Can’t we go somewhere quieter, just the two of us, 
Tiffy? 

I don’t remember the work night out. I missed most of them 
because Justin never liked going, and didn’t like me going to them 
without him. 

‘I don’t want to go anywhere with you, Justin, I say, taking a deep, 
shaky breath. ‘And I don’t want to marry you. I want you to leave 


me alone.’ 


I have imagined saying this lots and lots of times. I always thought 
he’d look wounded, perhaps step back in shock, or raise a hand to 
his mouth. I imagined him crying and trying to pull me closer; I’d 
even been afraid he might try to get hold of me physically, and not 
let go. 

But he just looks perplexed. Irritated. Maybe a little pissed off, as if 
he’s been terribly misled somehow, and it’s all been rather unfair. 

‘You don’t mean that,’ he begins. 

‘Oh, she does,’ says Mo. His voice is pleasant, but very firm. 

‘She really, really does,’ Rachel adds. 

‘No,’ Justin says, shaking his head. ‘You’re not giving us a chance.’ 

‘A chance?’ I almost laugh. ‘I went back to you over and over. 
You’ve had more chances than I can count. I don’t want to see you. 
Ever again.’ 

He frowns. ‘You said in that bar in Shoreditch that we could talk in 
a couple of months. I stuck to your rules,’ he says, stretching his 
arms out. ‘It’s October, isn’t it?’ 

‘A lot can change in a couple of months. I’ve been doing a lot of 
thinking. A lot of.. . remembering.’ 

There it is again — a flicker of almost fear behind his eyes. He 
reaches for me one last time, and this time Rachel slaps him across 
the face. 

‘Couldn’t have put it better myself,’ Mo mutters, and he pulls the 
two of us further back into the mess of cables and darkness as Justin 
stumbles backwards, eyes wide with shock. 

‘You. Out,’ the irate sound guy says firmly to Justin, clearly 
identifying him as the root cause of all the noise. He steps forward, 


forcing Justin further back. 

Steadying himself, Justin holds out a warning hand to the sound 
guy. He glances over his shoulder to find the exit, and then turns 
back to find my gaze. 

For a moment I lose the sense of Mo and Rachel beside me and the 
sound guy in here with us. It’s just me and Justin’s broad, tuxedo-ed 
body in this cramped, dark space, and I feel desperate, as if I’m 
running out of air. It’s only a second or two, but it’s somehow worse 
than everything that’s just happened put together. 

Then Justin backs out between the curtains into the backstage 
area, with a rush of noise, and I melt shakily into Rachel and Mo. 
He’s gone. It’s over. But he’s left that desperate breathlessness 
behind him, and as I grasp at Rachel and Mo’s arms with clammy 
fingers I feel a sudden, sickening fear that I won’t ever be able to 


shake him, no matter how many times I see him walk away. 


62 


Leon 


Can’t think. Can’t anything. Somehow find my feet and get back to 
the courtroom, but the daydream feeling has morphed into an aura 
of unreality around everything. Mechanically, I smile at Richie. 
Notice how bright his eyes are, how hopeful he looks. Fail to feel 
anything. 

It’s probably the shock. I’ll recover shortly and get my head back 
into the hearing. I can’t believe anything has managed to distract 
me from this. Feel suddenly furious with Tiffy, choosing today of all 
days to dump me and go back to Justin, and can’t help but think of 
Mam, how she’d always go back to those men no matter what 
Richie and I said. 

Some part of my brain reminds me Mam didn’t want to be with 
those men. She just didn’t think she was allowed to be anywhere 
else. She didn’t think she meant anything if she was on her own. 

But Tiffy wasn’t on her own. She had Mo, Gerty, Rachel. Me. 

Richie. Think of Richie. Richie needs me here, and there’s no 


fucking way I’m losing him again. Too. 

Gerty is summing up. Just about manage to listen — she’s so good 
you can’t help but follow her argument. Then, with peculiar lack of 
fanfare, it’s over. We all stand. Judges leave. Richie is taken back to 
wherever it was he was brought from, with a wistful backwards 
glance. We walk through the court building in silence, Gerty 
tapping away at her phone, Mam cracking her knuckles incessantly. 

Mam looks sideways at me as we reach the entranceway. 

Mam: Lee? What’s wrong? 

Then Gerty gives a little gasp. Hand to mouth. Glance over, dull- 
eyed, and notice that she is watching the video play out on 
Facebook. 

Gerty: Oh my God. 

Mam, on alert: What’s happened? 

Me: Tiffy. 

Mam: Your girlfriend? What’s she done? 

Gerty: She wouldn’t. 

Me: She would. You know people do. Go back. It’s hard to leave 
what you’ve known. Not her fault. But you know people do. 

Gerty’s silence says enough. Suddenly more than anything I need 
to get away from here. 

Me: We won’t get a verdict over the weekend, will we? 

Gerty: No, it’ll be next week. PI call when— 

Me: Thanks. 

And I’m gone. 


* 


Walk and walk. Can’t cry, am just dry-throated and aching-eyed. I’m 


sure that some of this is fear about Richie, but all I can think about 
is Justin, arms out, yelling ‘She said yes’ to the whooping crowd. 

Play out every scene. The endless notes, Brighton, the night eating 
tiffin together on the sofa, the trip to Holly’s party, kissing against 
the Aga. My gut twists at the memory of how her body would go 
cold when she thought of him, but then I harden myself. Don’t 
want to feel sorry for her. For now, just want to feel betrayed. 

Can’t help it, though. Can’t stop thinking of the way her knees 
would shake. 

Ah, there we go. There’s the tears. Knew they’d turn up eventually. 


63 


Tiffy 


The smell of lilies is suffocating. Mo’s holding the bouquet beside 
me as we huddle there in the darkness, the blooms pressing close to 
my dress, staining the fabric with pollen. As I look down at the 
marks on the silk I notice ’m shaking so much the full skirt of my 
dress is quivering. 

I don’t remember exactly what Justin said as he left. In fact, I 
already feel like I don’t remember a lot of the conversation that just 
happened. Perhaps it was all a surreal daydream, and I’m actually 
still standing out there in the crowd, wondering if Katherin will 
mention me in her thank-you speech, and whether those little roll 
things on that canapé tray are duck or chicken. 

‘What . . . what if he’s still right there?’ I whisper to Rachel, 
pointing towards the black curtains Justin left through. 

‘Mo, hold this,’ Rachel says. I think ‘this’ is referring to me. She 
disappears through to the backstage area, while onstage Katherin 
says goodbye to the audience to resounding applause. 


Mo dutifully holds my elbow. ‘You’re OK,’ he whispers. He doesn’t 
say anything else, he just does one of those hug-like sort of silences 
that I love so much. In the world on the other side of these dark 
curtains the crowd is still clapping; muffled, here, the sound is like 
heavy rain on tarmac. 

‘You really can’t be back here,’ the sound guy insists in 
exasperation as Rachel re-enters. He takes a step backwards when 
she turns to look at him. I don’t blame him. Rachel has her battle 
face on, and she looks bloody terrifying. 

Rachel sweeps past him without answering, lifting her skirts to 
step over the cables. ‘No crazy ex in sight,’ she tells me, returning to 
my side. 

Katherin bundles in suddenly from the stage; she almost walks 
into Mo. 

‘Gosh,’ she says, ‘that was all rather dramatic, wasn’t it?’ She pats 
me in a motherly sort of way. ‘Are you all right? I’m assuming that 
fellow was...’ 

‘Tiffy’s stalker ex-boyfriend,’ Rachel supplies. ‘And speaking of 
stalking — I think we need to have a few words with Martin .. > 

‘Not now,’ I beg, grabbing hold of Rachel’s arm. ‘Just stay with me 
for a minute, all right?’ 

Her face softens. ‘Fine. Permission to hang him by the testicles at 
some later time?’ 

‘Granted. Also, eww.’ 

‘I can’t believe he’s been telling that . . . that scumbag where you are 
all the time. You should press charges, Tiffy. 

‘You should certainly file for a restraining order,’ Mo says quietly. 


‘Against Martin? Might make work awkward,’ I say weakly. 

Mo just looks at me. ‘You know who I meant.’ 

‘Can we leave this... dark... curtain-room now?” I ask. 

‘Good idea,’ says Katherin. Discreetly, out of Rachel’s sight, the 
sound guy nods and rolls his eyes. ‘Td better go and mingle, but why 
don’t you lot take my limo?’ 

‘I beg your pardon?’ Rachel says, staring at her. 

Katherin looks sheepish. ‘It wasn’t my idea. The Butterfingers PR 
team got it for me. It’s just sitting outside. You can take it, I can’t be 
seen dead getting driven around in one of those, they’d never let me 
back into the Old Socialists’ Club.’ 

‘Thanks,’ Mo says, and I briefly surface from the fog of panic to 
marvel at the thought that the head of PR voluntarily shelled out 
for a limousine. She is infamously tight on budget. 

‘So now we just need to get out. Through the crowd,’ Rachel says, 
her mouth set in a grim line. 

‘First, though, you need to call the police and report Justin for 
harassment,’ Mo tells me. ‘And you need to tell them everything. All 
the other times, the flowers, Martin .. > 

I let out a half groan, half whimper. Mo rubs my back. 

‘Tiffy, do it, Rachel says, handing me her phone. 

I move through the throng as though I’m somebody else. People 
keep patting me on the back and smiling and calling to me. At first I 
try to tell everyone in turn - ‘I didn’t say yes, I’m not getting 
married, he’s not my boyfriend’ - but either they can’t or they don’t 
want to hear me, so as we get closer to the door I stop trying. 


Katherin’s limo is parked around the corner. It’s not just a limo - 
it’s a stretch limo. This is ridiculous. The head of PR must be about to 
ask Katherin to do something very important for very little money. 

‘Hi, excuse me?’ Rachel says to the limo driver through the 
window, in her best sweet-talking-the-barman voice. ‘Katherin said 
we can have this limo.’ 

A lengthy conversation ensues. As probably should be the case, the 
limo driver is not about to just take our word for it that Katherin 
has let us take the car. After a brief phone call to Katherin herself, 
and the return of Rachel’s battle face, we’re in - thank God. I’m 
shivering like crazy, even with Mo’s jacket over my shoulders. 

Inside is even more ridiculous than outside. There are long sofas, a 
small bar, two television screens, and a sound system. 

‘Fucking hell,’ Rachel says. “This is absurd. You’d think they could 
pay me more than minimum wage, wouldn’t you?’ 

We sit in silence for a while as the driver pulls away. 

‘Well,’ Rachel goes on, ‘I think we can all agree today has taken an 
unexpected turn.’ 

For some reason that tips me over the edge. I cry into my hands, 
leaning my head back on to the plush grey upholstery and letting 
the sobs rack my body like I’m a little kid. Mo gives my arm a 
compassionate squeeze. 

There’s a buzzing noise. 

‘Everyone all right back there?’ calls the driver. ‘Sounds like 
someone’s having an asthma attack!’ 

‘Everything’s fine!’ Rachel calls, as I wail and wheeze, struggling to 
breathe through the tears. ‘My friend has just been cornered by her 


crazy ex-boyfriend in front of a crowd of a thousand people and 
manipulated into looking like she would marry him, and now she is 
having a perfectly natural reaction.’ 

There’s a pause. ‘Crikey,’ says the driver. “Tissues are under the 


kd 


bar. 
When I get home I call Leon, but he doesn’t pick up. Beneath all the 
roaring blinding craziness of the day, I’m desperate to know more 
than he gave me in the last text: Things going well at court. How well? 
Is it over? When will Richie get a verdict? 

I so badly want to speak to him. Specifically, I want to cuddle up 
against his shoulder and breathe in his gorgeous Leon smell and let 
him stroke the small of my back the way he does and then speak to 
him. 

I can’t believe this. I can’t believe Justin. The fact that he put me in 
that position, in front of all those people . .. What did he think, 
that I’d just go along with it because it was what he wanted me to 
do? 

Maybe I would have once, actually. God, that’s sickening. 

The fact that he reached out to Martin to keep track of me takes 
the whole thing to a new level of disturbing - all those strange 
meetings that he made me feel crazy for thinking were anything 
other than coincidental. All carefully planned and calculated. But 
what was the point? If he wanted me, he had me. I was his — I would 
have done anything for him. Why did he push me so far, then keep 
trying to get me to come back? It’s just . . . so bizarre. So 
unnecessarily painful. 


Rachel couldn’t come back to my flat with us - she’s babysitting 
her niece tonight, going from looking after one crying snotty mess 
to another — but Mo has promised me he’ll stay with me, which is so 
lovely of him. I feel a bit guilty, because the truth is, right now it’s 
Leon I want. 

It almost surprises me how clear that thought is. I want Leon. I 
need him here with me, nervously fidgeting and lopsidedly smiling 
and effortlessly making everything feel brighter. After the madness 
of today, it strikes me with new force that if nice-scary is sometimes 
scary-scary as I learn to do this whole relationship thing again, so 
bloody what? If I give in to that fear, if I let it hold me back with 
Leon, then Justin really does win. 

And Leon is so worth a bit of fear. He’s so worth it. I reach for my 


phone and call him again. 


64 


Leon 


Three missed calls from Tiffy. 

Can’t talk to her. Don’t want to hear her explain herself. I’m still 
walking, God knows where - maybe around in circles. I do seem to 
be seeing a lot of very similar Starbucks. It’s all poky and 
Dickensian, this part of London. Cobbles and pollution-stained 
brick, tiny narrow strips of sky overhead between grimy windows. 
You don’t have to walk far to end up in the shiny, pale blue world of 
the City, though. Turn a corner and find I’m face to face with 
myself, mirrored in the glass headquarters of some accountancy 
firm. 

I look terrible. Exhausted and crumpled in this suit — suits have 
never looked good on me. I should have tried harder to smarten up; 
might have reflected badly on Richie. Already got Mam to contend 
with, whose idea of smart is slightly higher heeled knee-high boots. 

I pause, surprised by the viciousness of that thought. Cruel and 
judgemental. I don’t like that my head could come up with it. I’ve 


come a long way to forgiving Mam - or I thought I had. But right 
now the very thought of her makes me angry. 

I’m just an angry man today. Angry that I would settle for being 
happy just to have judges listening to my brother’s case, when he 
should never have been led in there by a prison officer in the first 
place. Angry that I was caught up worrying about showing Tiffy how 
I feel, and didn’t do it in time, and got outdone by a man who gives 
her nightmares, but certainly knows his way around a big romantic 
gesture. Nobody doubts how Justin feels now. No danger of that. 

I'd really thought she wouldn’t go back to him. But then, you 
always think that, and they always do. 

Look down at my phone: Tiffy’s name on my screen. She’s texted 
me. I can’t bear to open it, but can’t handle the temptation, so I 
turn my phone off. 

I think about going home, but home is full of Tiffy’s belongings. 
The smell of her, the clothes I’ve seen her in, the negative space 
around her. And eventually she’ll come back from the launch - the 
flat’s hers for tonight and the weekend. So that’s out. Can sleep at 
Mam7’s, obviously, but oddly seem to be just as furious with her as 
with Tiffy. Besides, can’t stand the thought of sleeping in mine and 
Richie’s old room tonight. Can’t be where Tiffy is, can’t be where 
Richie isn’t. 

I have nowhere to go. Nowhere’s home. Just keep walking. 

This flatshare. I wish I’d never done it. Wish I’d never opened my 
life up like that and let someone else walk in and fill it up. I was 
doing fine - safe, managing. Now my flat’s not mine, it’s ours, and 


when she’s gone all I will see is the absence of tiffin and books 


about bricklayers and that bloody stupid paisley beanbag. It'll be 
another room full of what’s missing. Just what I didn’t want. 

Maybe I can still save her from a life with him. Yes to a proposal 
doesn’t mean they’ll definitely get married, and she could hardly 
say no, could she, with all those people staring. I feel a dangerous 
surge of hope, and do my best to quash it. Remind myself that there 
is no saving of people - people can only save themselves. The best 
you can do is help when they’re ready. 

Should eat. Can’t remember when I last did. The night before? 
Already seems like for ever ago. Now that I’ve realised I’m hungry, 
my stomach growls. 

Swing into Starbucks. Walk past two girls watching Tasha Chai- 
Latte video of Justin proposing to Tiffy. Drink tea with lots of milk 
in, eat some sort of overpriced toastie with lots of butter in it, and 
stare at the wall. 

I realise, when barista clearing the table gives me curious, pitying 
look, that I am crying again. Can’t seem to stop, so I don’t make 
myself. Eventually, though, people are noticing, and I want to be 
moving again, alone. 

More walking. These smart shoes are rubbing raw at the skin of 
my heel. Think longingly of the worn-in shoes I wear at work, the 
easy way they fit, and within fifteen minutes or so it’s clear I’m not 
just walking now, I’m walking somewhere. There’s always room for 


another nurse in the hospice. 


65 


Tiffy 


Gerty’s calling. I pick up, hardly thinking about it - it’s reflex. 

‘Hello?’ My voice sounds strangely flat, even to me. 

‘What the fuck is wrong with you, Tiffany? What the fuck is wrong 
with you?’ 

The shock makes me cry again. 

‘Give me that,’ Mo says. I look up at him as he takes the phone off 
me, and breathe in sharply when I see his expression. He looks 
really angry. Mo never looks angry. ‘What the hell do you think 
you're doing?’ he says into the phone. ‘Oh yeah? You watched a 
video, did you? And it didn’t occur to you to ask Tiffy what 
happened? To give your best friend the benefit of the doubt before 
you scream down the phone at her?’ 

My eyes widen. A video? Shit. What video? 

And then it dawns on me. Tasha Chai-Latte, filming the whole 
thing. Martin organised that, presumably, which means Justin 
would have known about it. No wonder he was so keen to make 


sure everyone caught my ‘reply’ to his big question — he needed it 
for the camera. 

Martin also saw me and Leon together in the castle in Wales, right 
after Justin had had his suspicions raised when he’d dropped around 
to my flat and found Leon in his towel. 

‘Mo,’ I say urgently. ‘Ask Gerty where Leon is.’ 

‘Call him again.’ 

‘Tiff, his phone is still off,’ Mo says gently. 

‘Again!’ I say, pacing back and forth from the sofa to the kitchen. 
My heart is beating so hard it feels as if there’s something trying to 
work its way out between my ribs. I can’t bear the thought of Leon 
seeing that video and thinking that I’m engaged to Justin. I can’t 
bear it. 

‘His phone is still off,’ Mo says, my mobile to his ear. 

‘Try calling from yours. Maybe he’s screening my calls. He 
probably hates me.’ 

‘He won’t hate you,’ Mo says. 

‘Gerty did.’ 

Mo narrows his eyes. ‘Gerty has a tendency to be judgemental. 
She’s working on it.’ 

‘Well, Leon doesn’t know me well enough to know I’d never do 
this to him,’ I say, twisting my hands together. ‘He knows I was 
really hung up on Justin, he probably just thinks— oh, God.’ I’m 
choking up. 

‘Whatever he thinks, it’s fixable,’ Mo assures me. ‘We just need to 
wait until he’s ready to talk. He’s had a tough day too, going to 


court with Richie.’ 

‘II know!’ I snap at Mo. ‘I know! You think I don’t know how 
important today was for him?’ 

Mo doesn’t say anything. I wipe my face. 

Tm sorry. I shouldn’t snap at you. You’ve been so great. I’m just 
angry with myself.’ 

‘Why?’ Mo asks. 

‘Because ... I bloody well dated him, didn’t I?’ 

‘Justin?’ 

Tm not saying what happened today was my fault, I know it 
doesn’t work that way, but I can’t help but think - if he’d not got to 
me, if ld been stronger . . . we’d never have ended up here. I mean, 
bloody hell. None of your ex-girlfriends try to make you marry them 
and then use that to break up your current relationship, do they? 
Not that you have a current relationship, but you know what I 
mean.’ 

‘Umm,’ Mo says. 

I look up at him, wiping my eyes again. I’m doing the kind of 
crying that means your eyes never really get dry, they’re just 
leaking non-stop. 

‘Don’t tell me. You and Gerty.’ 

‘You guessed?’ Mo says, looking uncomfortable. 

‘Rachel did. Her radar is much better than Gerty’s, though don’t 
tell - actually, do tell her, who cares about hurting Gerty’s feelings?’ 
I say savagely. 

‘She’s calling now,’ Mo says, holding out my phone to me. 

‘I don’t want to speak to her.’ 


‘Shall I answer?’ 

‘Do what you like. She’s your girlfriend.’ 

Mo gives me a long look as I sit down on the sofa again with 
shaking legs. I’m being childish, obviously, but Mo getting together 
with Gerty at this particular moment feels like he’s siding with her. 
I want Mo on my side. I want to scream at Gerty. She had the chance 
to tell Leon I would never do something like that to him, that he 
should check in with me before believing anything, and she didn’t. 

‘She can’t find Leon,’ Mo tells me after a moment. ‘She really 
wants to speak to you, Tiffy. She wants to apologise.’ 

I shake my head. ’'m not ready to be done feeling angry just 
because she wants to apologise. 

‘She’s argued for a legal call with Richie when he gets to the 
prison,’ Mo says, after a pause to listen. I can hear Gerty’s voice on 
the other end of the phone, tinny and panicked. ‘She says she’ll tell 
him what really happened, so he can use his phone call to try Leon 
on his mobile — you can call any number on your first-night call. He 
probably won’t be in and processed until late, maybe even 
tomorrow morning, but it’s still our best hope of getting the 
message out to Leon if he doesn’t come home.’ 

‘Tomorrow morning?’ It’s only late afternoon. 

Mo looks pained. ‘I think it’s our best option for now.’ 

It’s ridiculous, really, that a man in prison with only one phone 
call is a best option for getting hold of someone. 

‘Leon’s phone is off,’ I say dully. ‘He won’t answer.’ 

‘He’ll see sense and turn it back on, Tiffy, Mo says, phone still at 


his ear. ‘He won’t want to miss a call from Richie.’ 


* 


I sit out on the balcony, curled under two blankets. One of them is 
the Brixton throw that usually lives across our bed - the one Leon 
tucked me up under that night Justin came round to the flat and 
threatened him. 

I know Leon thinks I’ve gone back to Justin. I’ve gone through 
desperate panic, and now I’m thinking that he should have more 
fucking faith in me. 

Not that I’ve earned it, I suppose. I did go back to Justin, lots of 
times — I’ve told Leon that. But .. . I would never have started seeing 
Leon if I didn’t feel this time was different — if I wasn’t really ready 
to leave that part of my life behind me. I was trying so hard. All that 
time dredging up the worst memories, the endless conversations 
with Mo, the counselling. I was trying. But I guess Leon thought I 
was just too broken to fix myself. 

Gerty rings me every ten minutes or so; I still haven’t picked up. 
Gerty has known me for eight years. If I’m angry with Leon for not 
having faith in me, and he’s known me for less than a year, I am at 
least eight times angrier with Gerty. 

I pick at the sad, yellowing leaves on our one balcony pot plant 
and very pointedly do not think about the fact that Justin knows 
where I live. Somehow. Probably Martin - my address is pretty easy 
to get if you have access to my desk and the payslips that HR drop 
around. 

Fucking hell. I knew I didn’t like that man for a reason. 

I look down at my phone as it vibrates around and around on our 


little, rickety outdoor table. The table’s surface is covered in bird 


poo and that thick, sticky dust-grime that covers everything left 
outdoors for any length of time in London. Gerty’s name lights up 
my phone screen, and with a flash of anger I pick up this time. 

‘What?’ I say. 

‘Tam awful,’ Gerty says, talking very fast. ‘I can’t believe myself. I 
should never have assumed that you would go back to Justin. I am 
SO, SO SOITY.’ 

I pause, taken aback. Gerty and I have fought plenty of times, but 
she’s never said sorry right away like that, unprompted. 

‘I should have believed you could do it. I do believe you can.’ 

‘Do what?’ I ask, before I can think of a better, angrier response. 

‘Get away from Justin.’ 

‘Oh. That.’ 

‘Tiffy, are you all right?’ Gerty says. 

‘Well. Not really,’ I say, feeling my bottom lip quivering. I bite 
down on it hard. ‘I don’t suppose...’ 

‘Richie’s not called yet. You know what these things are like, Tiffy, 
it could be midnight before they even move him from the holding 
cell to Wandsworth. And the prison’s pretty shambolic so I don’t 
want to get your hopes up that they’ll even give him his phone call, 
let alone the legal call I made them promise me. But if I speak to 
him Ill tell him everything. [ll ask him to speak to Leon.’ 

I check the time on the screen: it’s 8 p.m. now, and I cannot 
believe how nightmarishly slowly time is passing. 

‘I am really, really angry with you,’ I tell Gerty, because I know I 
don’t sound it. I just sound sad, and tired, and like I want my best 
friend. 


‘Absolutely. Me too. Furious. I’m the worst. And Mo isn’t talking to 
me either, if that helps.’ 

‘That doesn’t help,’ I say reluctantly. ‘I don’t want you to be a 
pariah.’ 

‘A what? Is that some kind of dessert?’ 

‘Pariah. Persona non-grata. Outcast.’ 

‘Oh, don’t worry, I’m resigned to a life of disgrace. It’s all I 
deserve.’ 

We sit in companionable silence for a while. I reach around inside 
to find that enormous pool of Gerty-fuelled rage again, but it seems 
to have evaporated. 

‘T really hate Justin,’ I say miserably. “You know I think he did this 
mostly to break up me and Leon? I don’t think he would actually 
even marry me. He would just leave me again, once he was sure 
he’d got me back.’ 

‘The man needs castrating,’ Gerty says firmly. ‘He’s done you 
nothing but harm. I have actively wished him dead on several 
occasions.’ 

‘Gerty! 

‘You didn’t have to sit back and watch it happening, she says. 
‘Watch him cleaning all the Tiffany-ness out of you. It was sick.’ 

I fiddle with the Brixton blanket. 

‘All this mess has made me realise . . . I really like Leon, Gerty. 
Really like him.’ I sniff, wiping my eyes. ‘I wish he had at least asked 
me whether I actually said yes. And... and...evenifIhad...I 
wish that he hadn’t just given up.’ 

‘It’s been half a day. He’s in shock, and drained after the session in 


court. He’s built this day up in his head for months. Justin, as ever, 
has impeccably dreadful timing. Give it a little time and I hope 
you'll find Leon un-gives up again.’ 

I shake my head. ‘I don’t know. I don’t think so.’ 

‘Have faith, Tiffy. After all, isn’t that what you’re asking from 


him?’ 


66 


Leon 


Move between wards like I’m haunting the place. Should I be able 
to focus enough to take blood from a vein when even breathing 
feels like an effort? It’s easy, though - blissfully routine. Here’s 
something I can do. Leon, Charge Nurse, quiet but reliable. 

Notice after a few hours that I’m circling Coral Ward. Dodging it. 

Mr Prior’s there, dying. 

Eventually the junior doctor on shift says a morphine dose on 
Coral Ward needs countersigning. So. No more hiding. Off I go. 
White-grey corridors, bare and scratched, and I know every inch of 
them, maybe better than the walls of my own flat. 

Pause. There’s a man in a brown suit outside the ward, forearms 
on knees, staring at the floor. Odd to see someone here at this time 
of the morning - no visitors on the night shift. He’s very old, white- 
haired. Familiar. 

I know that posture: that’s the posture of a man Mustering 
Courage. I’ve struck that pose enough times outside prison visiting 


halls to know how it looks. 

Takes a little while for it to click - I’m barely thinking, just moving 
on autopilot. But that white-haired man staring at the floor is 
Johnny White the Sixth, from Brighton. The thought seems 
ridiculous. JW the Sixth is a man from my other life. The one full of 
Tiffy. But here he is, so. Looks like I found Mr Prior’s Johnny after 
all, even if it took him a little while to admit it. 

Should feel pleased, but can’t. 

Look at him. Aged ninety-two, he’s tracked Mr Prior down, put his 
best suit on, travelled all the way up from the coast. All for a man 
he loved a lifetime ago. He sits there, head bowed like a man in 
prayer, waiting for the strength to face what he left behind. 

Mr Prior has days to live. Hours, possibly. I look at Johnny White 
and feel it like a punch in the gut. He left it so. Fucking. Late. 

Johnny White looks up, sees me. We don’t speak. The silence 
stretches down the corridor between us. 

Johnny White: Is he dead? 

His voice comes out husky, breaking halfway. 

Me: No. You're not too late. 

Except he is, really. How much did it hurt to come all this way 
knowing it was just to say goodbye? 

Johnny White: It took me a while to find him. After you visited. 

Me: You should have said something. 

Johnny White: Yes. 

He looks back at the floor. I step forward, bridge the silence, take 
the seat beside him. We examine the scratched lino side by side. 
This isn’t about me. This isn’t my story. But .. . Johnny White on 


that plastic seat, head bowed, that’s what the other side of not- 
trying looks like. 

Johnny White: I don’t want to go in there. I was thinking about 
leaving, when I saw you. 

Me: You’ve made it to here. There’s just the doors, now. 

He lifts his head as though it’s something heavy. 

Johnny White: Are you sure he’ll want to see me? 

Me: He may not be conscious, Mr White. But even so, I have no 
doubt he’ll be happier with you there. 

Johnny White stands, brushes down his suit trousers, squares his 
Hollywood chiselled jaw. 

Johnny White: Well. Better late than never. 

He doesn’t look at me, he just pushes his way through the double 
doors. I watch them swing behind him. 

Left to my own devices, I’m the sort of man who’d never walk 
through those doors. And where’s that ever got anybody? 

I get up. Time to move. 

Me, to junior doctor: On-call nurse will countersign on the 
morphine. I’m not on shift. 

Junior doctor: I did wonder why you weren’t in scrubs. What the 
hell are you doing here when you're not on the rota? Go home! 

Me: Yes. Good idea. 
It’s two in the morning; London is still and muffled in darkness. 
Turn on my phone as I jog for the bus, heartbeat thumping high in 
my throat. 

Endless missed calls and messages. I stare at them, startled. Don’t 


know where to start. Don’t have to, though, because the phone 
buzzes into life with an unknown London number almost as soon as 
I’ve turned it on. 

Me: Hello? 

My voice is wobbly. 

Richie: Oh, thank fuck for that. The guard is getting really tetchy. 
I’ve been ringing you for the past ten minutes. I had to give a long 
explanation of how this was still my one phone call, because you 
weren’t picking up. We’ve got about five minutes’ credit, by the 
way. 

Me: Are you all right? 

Richie: Am I all right? ’m fine, you big bellend, other than being 
mightily pissed off with you - and Gerty. 

Me: What? 

Richie: Tiffy. She didn’t say yes. That mad Justin bloke just 
answered for her, didn’t you notice? 

Stop stock still ten yards from bus stop. I... can’t absorb it. Blink. 
Swallow. Feel a bit sick. 

Richie: Yeah. Gerty rang her and started laying in to her for going 
back to Justin, then Mo went mental at her. Told her she was a 
terrible friend for not having enough faith in Tiffy to at least ask 
the question before assuming she’d gone back to him. 

I find my voice. 

Me: Is Tiffy all right? 

Richie: She’d be a lot better if she could speak to you, man. 

Me: I was already on my way, but— 

Richie: You were? 


Me: Yes. Had a visit from the Ghost of Christmas Future. 

Richie, confused: Bit early in the year for that sort of thing, isn’t it? 

Me: Well. You know what they say. Gets earlier every year. 

Lean against the bus shelter. Giddy and sick all at once. What was I 
doing? Coming here, wasting all that time? 

Me, belatedly, and with a rush of fear: Is Tiffy safe? 

Richie: Justin’s still on the loose, if that’s what you mean. But her 
mate Mo is with her, and according to Gerty he reckons Justin won’t 
come back for a while - he’ll go nurse his wounds and come up 
with another plan. He tends to have a plan for everything - that’s 
part of his whole deal, Mo says. You know the prick was using 
Martin from Tiffy’s work to find out information about where Tiffy 
would be the whole time? 

Me: Martin. And... oh. Fuck. 

Richie: This was all about breaking the two of you up, man. 
Getting that YouTuber to film it all so you'd see it for sure. 

Me: I can’t... can’t believe I just assumed. 

Richie: Hey, bro, just go fix it, OK? And tell her about Mam. 

Me: Tell her what about Mam? 

Richie: I don’t need to be a therapist to figure out that you leaving 
Mam at court with Gerty and not going back to her place had 
something to do with all this. Look, I get it, man - we both have 
mummy issues. 

Bus approaching. 

Me: Not... entirely sure how this is relevant? 

Richie: Just because Mam always went back to the men who 
treated her like shit, or found another version of the same guy, that 


doesn’t mean Tiffy’s the same. 

Me, automatically: It wasn’t Mam’s fault. She was abused. 
Manipulated. 

Richie: Yeah, yeah, I know, you're always saying that. But it doesn’t 
make it any easier when you're twelve, does it? 

Me: You think... 

Richie: Look, I have to go. But just go tell Tiffy you’re sorry, and 
you fucked up, and you were raised by an abused single mother and 
basically had to look after your younger brother single-handed. That 
ought to do it. 

Me: That’s a bit . . . emotional blackmaily, no? Also, will she enjoy 
the comparison with my mother? 

Richie: Point taken. Fine. You do you. Just sort it, and get her back, 
because that woman is the best thing that’s ever happened to you. 
All right? 


67 


Tiffy 


We completely forgot about eating, and now it’s 2.30 a.m. and I’ve 
just remembered to be hungry. Mo has gone out to get takeaway. 
He’s left me on the balcony with a large glass of red wine and an 
even larger bowl of munchies from the cupboard, which I’m pretty 
sure were Leon’s, but who cares - if he thinks I’d go off and marry 
someone else, he might as well think I’m a snack thief too. 

I’m not sure who I’m angry with any more. I’ve sat here for so long 
my legs have cramped up, and I’ve been through pretty much all 
the available emotions in that time, and now they’re all muddled 
together in a big ugly soup of misery. The only thing I can think of 
with any certainty is that I wish I had never met Justin. 

My phone buzzes. 

Leon calling. 

I’ve waited all night to see those words. My stomach drops. Has he 
spoken to Richie? 

‘Hello?’ 


‘Hey.’ His voice sounds ragged and strangely unfamiliar. It’s like 
the energy has gone out of him. 

I wait for him to say something else, staring out at the traffic 
sliding by below, letting the headlights draw yellow-white streaks 
on the insides of my eyes. 

‘Tam holding an enormous bunch of flowers,’ he says. 

I don’t say anything. 

‘I felt like I needed a physical symbol of the enormity of my 
apology,’ Leon goes on. ‘But I’ve realised Justin also left you an 
enormous bunch of flowers - actually, much nicer, more expensive 
flowers — so now I’m thinking, flowers, not so good. Then I thought, 
I’d just come home and tell you in person. But then I realised once I 
got here that I left my key to the flat at Mam’s place because I’m 
supposed to be staying there tonight. So I’d have to knock on the 
door, which I thought would probably scare you, since you have an 
unhinged ex-boyfriend to contend with.’ 

I watch car after car drive by. That might be the longest I’ve ever 
heard Leon speak in one go. 

‘So where are you now?’ I ask eventually. 

‘Look up. Opposite pavement, by the bakery.’ 

I see him now. He’s silhouetted against the bright yellow light of 
the bakery’s sign, the phone to his ear, his other arm cradling a 
bouquet of flowers. He’s wearing a suit — of course, he won’t have 
changed since court. 

Tm guessing you’re feeling very hurt,’ he says. His voice is gentle, 
and it makes me melt. 


I’m crying again. 


‘Tam so sorry, Tiffy. I should never have assumed. You needed me 
today, and I wasn’t there for you.’ 

‘I did need you,’ I sob. ‘Mo and Gerty and Rachel are all great and I 
love them and they have helped so much, but I wanted you. You 
made me feel like it didn’t matter that Justin happened. That you 
cared about me anyway.’ 

‘I do. And it doesn’t.’ He’s crossing the road now, coming over to 
this side of the pavement. I can make out his face, the smooth, 
sharp lines of his cheekbones, the soft curve of his lips. He’s looking 
up at me. ‘Everyone kept telling me I was going to lose you if I 
didn’t tell you how I feel, and then in comes Justin, king of the 
romantic gesture...’ 

‘Romantic?’ I splutter. ‘Romantic? And I don’t bloody want 
romantic gestures anyway! Why would I want that? I’ve had that, 
and it was shit!’ 

‘I know,’ Leon says. ‘You’re right. I should have known.’ 

‘And I liked that you weren’t pushing things - the idea of 
committing to a serious relationship scares the hell out of me! I 
mean, look at how hard it was to get out of the last one!’ 

‘Oh,’ says Leon. ‘Yes. That’s .. . yes, I see? He mutters something 
that sounds like it might be bloody Richie. 

‘I can hear you without the phone now, you know,’ I say, raising 
my voice enough for it to carry over the traffic noise. ‘Plus I’m quite 
enjoying the excuse to shout.’ 

He hangs up and backs away a little. ‘Let’s shout, then!’ he calls. 

I narrow my eyes, and then I pull off all my blankets, put down my 


wine and munchies, and move to the railings. 


‘Whoa,’ Leon says, voice dropping so I can only just catch the 
words. “You look incredible.’ 

I look down at myself, a little surprised to find I’m still wearing 
the off-the-shoulder dress from the party. God knows what my hair 
looks like, and my make-up is definitely at least two inches further 
down my face than it was this morning, but the dress is pretty 
spectacular. 

‘Don’t be nice!’ I shout. ‘I want to be angry with you!’ 

‘Yes! Right! Shouting,’ Leon calls, tightening his tie and 
rebuttoning his collar as though he’s preparing himself. 

‘Tam never going back to Justin!’ I shout, and then, because of 
how good it feels, I try it again. ‘I am never fucking going back to 
Justin!’ 

A car alarm goes off somewhere nearby, which I know is 
coincidental, but still feels pretty good — now all I need is a cat to 
yowl and a bunch of dustbins to fall over. I take a deep breath and 
open my mouth to keep yelling, then pause. Leon has a hand up. 

‘Can I say something?’ he calls. ‘I mean, shout something?’ 

A driver slows down as he passes, staring with interest at the pair 
of us bellowing at one another, two storeys apart. It occurs to me 
now that Leon has probably never shouted in the street before. I 
close my mouth, a little taken aback, then nod. 

‘I fucked up!’ Leon yells. He clears his throat and tries a little 
louder. ‘I got scared. I know it’s no excuse, but all this is scary for 
me. The trial. You, us. I’m not good when things are changing. I get . 


kd 


He flounders, as if he’s run out of words, and something warm 


gives way in my chest. 

‘Squirrelly?’ I offer. 

In the light from the streetlamp I watch his lips move into a 
lopsided smile. 

‘Yeah. Good word.’ He clears his throat again, moving closer to the 
balcony. ‘Sometimes it feels easier to just be the way I was before 
you. Safer. But . . . look what you’ve been able to do. How brave 
you've been. And that’s how I want to be. OK?’ 

I rest my hands on the railing and look down at him. ‘You’re doing 
a lot of talking down there, Leon Twomey,’ I call. 

‘It seems in times of emergency I can be quite verbose!’ he yells. 

I laugh. ‘Don’t be doing too much changing, now. I like you as you 
are.’ 

He grins. He’s dishevelled and shabbily handsome in his suit, and 
suddenly all I want to do is kiss him. 

‘Well, Tiffy Moore, I like you too,’ 

‘Say again?’ I call, cupping a hand around my ear. 

‘T really, really like you!’ he bellows. 

A window above me flies open with a clatter. ‘Do you mind?’ shouts 
the strange man from Flat 5. ‘I’m trying to sleep up here! How am I 
supposed to get up in time to do my antigravity yoga if ’m kept up 
all night?’ 

‘Antigravity yoga!’ I mouth down at Leon, delighted. I’ve been 
wondering what he did every morning since the first day I moved in 
here! 

‘Don’t let the fame go to your head, Leon,’ warns the strange man 
from Flat 5, then he reaches to close the window again. 


‘Wait!’ I call. 

He looks down at me. ‘Who are you?’ 

Tm your other neighbour. Hello!’ 

‘Oh, you’re Leon’s girlfriend?’ 

I hesitate, then grin. ‘Yes,’ I say firmly, and hear a little whoop 
from street level. ‘And I have a question.’ 

He just stares at me with the air of a man waiting to see what a 
small child will do next. 

‘What do you do with all the bananas? You know - the bananas 
from the empty crates that live in your parking space?’ 

To my surprise, he breaks into a big, half-toothless smile. He looks 
quite friendly when he’s smiling. ‘I distil them! Lovely cider!’ 

And with that, he slams the window. 

Leon and I look at each other and simultaneously burst out into 
giggles. Before long I am laughing so hard I’ve started to cry; I’m 
holding my stomach, ugly-laughing, gasping for breath and 
screwing my face up hard. 

‘Antigravity yoga! I hear Leon whisper, his voice just carrying on a 
gap in the traffic noise. ‘Banana cider!’ 

‘I can’t hear you,’ I say, but I don’t shout for fear of waking the ire 
of the strange man from Flat 5 again. ‘Come closer.’ 

Leon looks around, and then backs up a few steps. 

‘Catch! he calls in a stage whisper, and then he chucks the 
bouquet up to me. It soars lopsidedly through the air, shedding 
leaves and the odd chrysanthemum as it goes, but, with a dangerous 
lunge towards the railings and a squeaky sort of shriek, I manage to 
catch it. 


By the time I’ve got a good hold on the flowers and laid them on 
the table, Leon has disappeared. I lean over the edge of the balcony 
in confusion. 

‘Where have you gone?’ I call. 

‘Marco!’ comes a voice from somewhere nearby. 

‘Polo?’ 

‘Marco.’ 

‘Polo! This is not helping!’ 

He’s scaling the drainpipe. I burst out laughing again. 

‘What are you doing?’ 

‘Getting closer!’ 

‘I did not have you down as a drainpipe-climbing man,’ I say, 
wincing as he reaches for another handhold and hauls himself up a 
little higher. 

‘Me neither,’ he says, turning to look at me as he scrabbles about 
for a spot for his left foot. “You clearly bring out the best in me.’ 

He’s only a few feet away from me now; the drainpipe passes right 
up by our balcony, and he can almost reach our railings. 

‘Hey! Are those my munchies?’ he says as he reaches an 
experimental hand up. 

I just give him a look. 

‘... Yeah, fair enough,’ he says. ‘Give a fella a hand?’ 

‘This is insane,’ I tell him, but I move to help anyway. 

Carefully, he lets one foot dangle, and then the other, until he’s 
hanging by his hands from our balcony railings. 

‘Oh my God,’ I say. It’s almost too terrifying to look at, but I can’t 
look away, specifically because then I won’t be paying attention if 


he lets go, and that idea is much worse than watching him hanging 
there, scrabbling to find a foothold on the bottom edge of the 
railings. 

He pulls himself up; I give him a hand with the last yank, my hand 
grasping his as he swings himself over. 

‘There!’ he says, brushing himself down. He pauses, breathless, 
and looks at me. 

‘Hi,’ I say, suddenly feeling a little shy in my over-the-top dress. 

Tm so sorry,’ Leon says, opening his arms for a hug. 

I lean into him. His suit smells of autumn, that outdoor-air smell 
that clings to your hair at this time of year. The rest of him smells of 
Leon, just the way I want it to, and as he pulls me close I shut my 
eyes and breathe him in, feeling the solid strength of his body 
against mine. 

Mo appears in the doorway, fish and chips in a plastic Something 
Fishy bag in his hands. I didn’t even hear him come in, and I jump a 
little, but with Leon’s arms around me the idea of Justin turning up 
in the flat doesn’t feel nearly so terrifying. 

‘Ah,’ Mo says, seeing the pair of us. ‘Tl take my fish and chips 


elsewhere, shall I?’ 


68


Leon 


Me: It’s probably not the right time. 

Tiffy: I sincerely hope you're joking. 

Me: Not joking, but definitely hoping you'll tell me I’m wrong. 

Tiffy: You are wrong. Now is the perfect time. We are alone, in our 
flat, together. It literally does not get better than this. 

We stare at each other. She’s still wearing that incredible dress. 
Looks like it would tip off her shoulders to the floor with one tug. 
I’m desperate to try it. I resist, though — she says she’s ready, but it’s 
not been the sort of day for tear-my-clothes-off sex. Slow, lovely, 
clothes-staying-on-for-tantalisingly-long-time sex, maybe. 

Tiffy: Bed? 

That voice — exactly like Richie described it. Deep and sexy. Much 
sexier when it says things like ‘bed’, too. 

We stand at the foot of the bed and turn to face one another again. 
I lean to take her face between my hands and kiss her. Feel her body 


melt against mine as we kiss, feel the tension leave her, and pull 


back to see her eyes have gone fiery behind the blue. The desire is 
instant, on the moment our lips touch, and it takes enormous effort 
just to rest my hands on her bare shoulders. 

She reaches to loosen my tie and shrug off my jacket. Unbuttons 
my shirt slowly, kissing me as her fingers move. There’s still air 
between us now, like we’re Keeping a respectful distance, despite 
the kissing. 

Tiffy turns, holding her hair out of the way so I can unzip her 
dress. I take her hair into my hands instead, pulling a little as I twist 
the bunch around my wrist, and she moans. Can’t handle that 
sound. Close that space between us, kissing along her shoulders, up 
her neck to where her hair meets her skin, pressing as close as I can 
until she shifts to loosen her own zip. 

Tiffy: Leon. Focus. Dress. 

I take the zip from between her fingers and pull it down slowly, 
slower than she wants. She wriggles, impatient. Backs up into me 
until my legs hit the bed and we’re pressed close again, bare skin 
and silk. 

Eventually the dress falls to the floor. It’s almost cinematic - a 
shimmer of silk, then she’s there, black underwear and nothing 
else. She turns in my arms, her eyes still fiery, and I hold her away 
to look at her. 

Tiffy, smiling: You always do that. 

Me: Do what? 

Tiffy: Look at me like that. When I... take something off. 

Me: Want to see everything. It’s too important for rushing. 

Tiffy quirks an eyebrow, unbearably sexy. 


Tiffy: No rushing? 

She traces her fingers along the top of my boxers. Dips her hand 
below it, a hair’s breadth from where I want her. 

Tiffy: You’re going to regret saying that, Leon. 

I’m already regretting, as soon as she says my name. Her fingers 
trace across my lower belly, and then, painfully slowly, reach for the 
buckle of my belt. After she’s eased the zip down I step out of my 
suit trousers and kick off my socks, conscious of how her eyes 
follow me like a cat’s. When I move to pull her close to me again 
she puts a firm hand on my chest. 

Tiffy, throatily: Bed. 

That air between us is back for an instant; we move automatically 
to our old sides of the bed. She’s left, I’m right. We watch each 
other as we slide under the covers. 

I lie sideways, looking at her. Her hair spreads across the pillow, 
and though she’s under the duvet I can sense how bare she is, how 
much of her there is to touch. I place my hand in the space between 
us. She takes it, bridging the line we’d drawn back in February, and 
kisses my fingers, then slides them between her lips, and suddenly 
that space is gone and she’s pressed up against me where she 
should be, skin on skin, not a fraction of an inch between us. 


69 


Tiffy 


‘You’ve seen me naked now. You’ve had your wicked way with me. 
And you're still looking at me like that.’ 

His smile drops into that gorgeous lopsided thing, the smile that 
got me all those weeks ago in Brighton. 

‘Tiffany Moore,’ he says, ‘I have every intention of continuing to 
look at you in this fashion for many moons to come.’ 

‘Many moons!’ 

He nods solemnly. 

‘How very charming and ingeniously non-specific of you.’ 

‘Well, something told me a suggestion of long-term commitment 
might have you running for the hills.’ 

I think about it, resettling my head against his chest. ‘I see your 
point, but actually, it seems to have just made me feel curiously 
warm and fuzzy.’ 

He doesn’t say anything, he just kisses the top of my head. 

‘Also I would not be capable of running non-stop to the nearest 


hill’ 

‘Herne Hill, maybe? You could take Herne Hill.’ 

‘Well,’ I say, turning on to my front and propping myself up on my 
elbows, ‘I have no interest in running to Herne Hill. I like the many- 
moons plan. I think it’s... hey, are you even listening to me?’ 

‘Yes?’ Leon tries, lifting his gaze. He smiles. ‘Sorry. You have 
managed to distract me even from yourself’ 

‘And there was me thinking you were un-distractible.’ 

He kisses me, his hand moving to stroke rough circles on my 
breast. ‘Sure. Un-distractible,’ he says. ‘And you are...’ 

I already can’t think straight. ‘Putty in your hands?’ 

‘I was going to say, “excellently easy to distract”.’ 

Tm playing hard to get this time.’ 

He does something with his hand that nobody has ever done 
before. I have no idea what’s happening but it seems to involve his 
thumb, my nipple, and about five thousand prickly hot licks of 
sensation. 

Tm reminding you of that in ten minutes’ time,’ Leon says, kissing 
his way down my neck. 

“You're smug.’ 

Tm happy.’ 

I pull away to look at him. I realise that my cheeks are starting to 
hurt, and I think it’s genuinely from all the smiling. When I tell 
Rachel that, I know exactly what she’ll do: stick her finger in her 
mouth and gag. But it’s true — despite everything that’s happened 
today, Iam sickeningly, dizzyingly happy. 

He raises his eyebrows at me. ‘No witty comeback?’ 


I gasp as his fingers shift across my skin, tracing patterns I can’t 
follow. 
‘Tm just working on one... Just give me . . . a minute...’ 
* 
While Leon is in the shower, I write our to-do list for the next day 
and stick it to the fridge. It reads as follows. 


1. Try very hard not to think about the judges’ verdict. 
2. Get restraining order. 

3. Talk to Mo and Gerty about, well, Mo and Gerty. 

4. Buy milk. 


I fidget, waiting for him to appear, and then give up and reach for 
my phone. Pll just have to listen out for the shower. 

‘Hello?’ comes Gerty’s muffled voice down the line. 

‘Hi! 

‘Oh thank God, Gerty says, and I can almost hear her slumping 
back against the pillows again. ‘You and Leon worked things out?’ 

‘Yeah, we worked things out,’ I tell her. 

‘Oh, and you slept with him?’ 

I grin. ‘Your radar’s back on.’ 

‘So I haven’t ruined everything?’ 

‘You haven’t ruined everything. Although, to be clear, it would 
have been Justin who ruined everything, not you.’ 

‘God, you are feeling benevolent. Were you safe?’ 

“Yes, Mother, we were safe. Were you and Mo safe when you made 
up this morning?’ I ask sweetly. 


‘Don’t,’ Gerty says. ‘It’s bad enough me thinking about Mo’s penis, 


you shouldn’t have to do it too.’ 

I laugh. ‘Can we have coffee tomorrow, just the three of us? I want 
to hear about how you got together. Vaguely, and with no penis- 
related details.’ 

‘And talk about how to get a restraining order?’ Gerty suggests. 

‘Is that Tiffy?” I hear Mo say in the background. 

‘So sweet that he hears “restraining order” and thinks of me,’ I say, 
heart sinking a little at the change of subject. ‘But yeah. We should 
talk about that.’ 

‘Do you feel safe?’ 

‘Are we back on the contraception subject again?’ 

‘Tiffy. Gerty has never stood for my arts of deflection. ‘Do you feel 
safe in the flat?’ 

‘With Leon here, yeah.’ 

‘OK. Good. But even so, we need to talk about getting an 
emergency injunction to cover you before the hearing.’ 

‘An— wait, there’s a hearing?’ 

‘Let the poor woman think,’ Mo says in the background. ‘I’m glad 
you and Leon are good again, Tiffy!’ he calls. 

‘Thanks, Mo.’ 

‘Have I killed your buzz?’ Gerty asks. 

‘A little. But it’s all right. I’ve still got Rachel to call.’ 

‘Yes, go discuss all the sordid details with Rachel,’ Gerty says. 
‘Coffee tomorrow, text us where and when.’ 

‘See you,’ I say, hanging up and pausing to listen. 

The shower is still on. I call Rachel. 

‘Sex?’ she says when she answers the phone. 


I laugh. ‘No thanks, I’m taken.’ 

‘I knew it! You guys made up?’ 

‘And then some,’ I say, in an exaggeratedly sexy sort of way. 

‘Details! Details!’ 

‘Tl fill you in properly on Monday. But... I have discovered that 
my boobs have been underperforming for my entire adult life.’ 

‘Ah yes,’ Rachel says knowledgeably. ‘A common problem. You 
know there are...’ 

‘Shh!’ I hiss. The shower’s stopped. ‘Got to go!’ 

‘Don’t leave me hanging like this! I was going to tell you all about 
nipples!’ 

‘Leon is going to find it very weird that I have rung around my best 
friends after sex,’ I whisper. ‘It’s early days. I still have to pretend to 
be normal.’ 

‘Fine, but I’m scheduling in a two-hour meeting on Monday 
morning. Subject: Boobs 101.’ 

I hang up and a moment later Leon wanders in in his towel, hair 
smoothed back, shoulders gleaming with droplets, and pauses to 
examine my to-do list. 

‘Seems manageable,’ he says, opening the door and reaching in for 
the orange juice. ‘How’re Gerty and Rachel?’ 

‘What?’ 

He smiles at me over his shoulder. ‘Do you want me to get back in? 
I figured I only needed to allow for two phone calls, since Gerty 
would be with Mo.’ 

I feel my cheeks flushing. ‘Oh, I, uh...’ 


He leans over, orange juice in hand, and kisses me on the lips. 


‘Don’t worry, he says. ‘I plan on remaining blissfully unaware of 
how much you overshare with Rachel.’ 

‘When I’m finished filling her in she’ll think you’re a god amongst 
men,’ I say, relaxing and reaching for the orange juice. 

Leon winces. ‘Will she be able to look me in the face again?’ 

‘Sure. She’ll probably opt for looking somewhere else instead, 


though.’ 


70 


Leon 


The weekend comes and goes in a blur of guilty pleasure. Tiffy 
barely leaves my arms, except to go for coffee with Gerty and Mo. 
Was right that we’d have a few triggers to work around; briefly lost 
her to a bad memory on Saturday morning, but am already learning 
how to help bring her back again. Is rather satisfying. 

She’s definitely more nervous about Justin than she’s letting on - 
came up with elaborate heavy-milk-buying ruse to get me to come 
and meet her at the coffee place and walk her back here. The sooner 
we can get that restraining order sorted the better. I fixed a chain 
on the door while she was out, and mended the balcony door, just 
to be doing something. 

Got Monday off, so walk Tiffy to the tube and then cook myself an 
elaborate fry-up involving black pudding and spinach. 

Sitting still alone is not good. Odd - normally I’m all for lonesome 
sitting. But when Tiffy is out, I feel her absence like a missing tooth. 

Eventually, after much pacing and not looking in the direction of 


my phone, I call my mother. 

Mam: Leon? Sweetie? Are you OK? 

Me: Hi, Mam. I’m fine. Sorry for walking out like that on Friday. 

Mam: It’s OK. We were all upset, and what with your new 
girlfriend marrying that other guy . . . Oh, Lee, you must be 
heartbroken! 

Ah, of course — who would have filled Mam in? 

Me: It was a misunderstanding. Tiffy has a, uh, bad-news sort of ex- 
boyfriend. That was him. She didn’t actually say yes to marrying 
him, he just tried to force her into it. 

Dramatic, soap-opera style gasp down the phone. I try very hard 
not to find it annoying. 

Mam: Poor little thing! 

Me: Yes, well, she’s doing fine. 

Mam: Have you gone after him? 

Me: After him? 

Mam: The ex! After what he’s done to your Tiffy! 

Me: ... what are you suggesting, Mam? 

I decide not to give her time to answer. 

Me: We’re looking into getting a restraining order. 

Mam: Oh, sure, those are great. 

Awkward pause. Why do I find these conversations so difficult? 

Mam: Leon. 

Wait. Fidget. Look at the floor. 

Mam: Leon, I’m sure your Tiffy’s nothing like me. 

Me: What? 

Mam: You were always a sweetheart about it, not like Richie with 


all his screaming and running off and all, but I know you hated the 
men I dated. I mean, I hated them too, but you hated them right 
from the start. I know I seta...I know I set a terrible example. 

I feel deeply, profoundly uncomfortable. 

Me: Mam, it’s fine. 

Mam: I really am getting sorted now, Lee. 

Me: I know. And it wasn’t your fault. 

Mam: You know, I think I nearly believe that? 

Pause. Think. 

I nearly believe that too. Who’d have thought -— you say something 
true enough times, you try hard enough, and maybe it sinks in. 

Me: Love you, Mam. 

Mam: Oh, sweetheart. I love you too. And we’ll get our Richie 
back, and we'll look after him, won’t we, like we always have? 

Me: Exactly. Like always. 

It’s still Monday. Monday is interminable. I hate days off - what do 
people do on days off? I just keep thinking trial, hospice, Justin, 
trial, hospice, Justin. Even warm fuzzy Tiffy thoughts are struggling 
to keep me afloat now. 

Me: Hi, Gerty, it’s Leon. 

Gerty: Leon, there is no news. The judges have not called us back 
for a verdict. If the judges call us back for a verdict, I will call you, 
and then you will know about it. You do not need to call me to 
check in. 

Me: Right. Sure. Sorry. 

Gerty, relenting: I suspect it will be tomorrow. 


Me: Tomorrow. 

Gerty: It’s like today, but plus one. 

Me: Today plus one. Yes. 

Gerty: Don’t you have a hobby or something? 

Me: Not really. Sort of just work all the time, generally. 

Gerty: Well, you live with Tiffy. There will be no shortage of hobby- 
related reading material. Go read a book about crochet or building 
things out of cardboard or whatever. 

Me: Thanks, Gerty. 

Gerty: You’re welcome. And stop calling me, I am very busy. 

She hangs up. It’s still a little unnerving when she does that, no 


matter how many times you’ve endured it. 


71 


Tiffy 


I can’t believe Martin had the guts to come in to work. I always had 
him down as a coward, but actually, of the two of us, I seem the 
most nervous about facing him. It’s like . . . talking to Justin by 
proxy. Which is frankly terrifying, no matter how much I tell Leon 
I’m feeling fine. Martin, on the other hand, is swanning about as 
usual, gloating about the success story of the party. I guess he 
probably doesn’t know I know yet. 

He’s yet to mention the proposal, I notice. Nobody in the office 
has. Rachel put out the memo that I wasn’t actually engaged, which 


has at least saved me a morning of warding off congratulations. 


Rachel [10:06]: I could just walk over, kick him in the balls, and 
we'd be done with it. 

Tiffany [10:07]: Tempting. 

Tiffany [10:10]: I don’t know why I’m being such a wuss. I had this 
conversation totally planned out in my head yesterday. Seriously, I 


had some great one-line putdowns cued up. And now they’ve just 
gone, and I feel a bit freaked out. 

Rachel [10:11]: What would Someone Who Isn’t Mo say, do you 
reckon? 

Tiffany [10:14]: Lucie? She’d tell me it’s natural to be freaked out 
after what happened on Friday, I guess. And that talking to Martin 
feels a bit like confronting Justin. 

Rachel [10:15]: Right, I can see that, except .. . Martin is Martin. 
Weedy, petty, malicious Martin. Who kicks my chair and 
undermines you in meetings and kisses the head of PR’s arse like 
it’s Megan Fox’s face. 

Tiffany [10:16]: You’re right. How can I possibly be afraid of Martin? 

Rachel [10:17]: Want me to come with you? 

Tiffany [10:19]: Is it pathetic if I say yes? 

Rachel [10:20] It would make my day. 

Tiffany [10:21]: Then yes. Please. 


We wait until the morning team meeting is over. I grit my teeth 
through all the congratulations Martin gets for the party. A few 
curious glances are shot in my direction, but it’s glossed over. I flush 
with shame anyway. I hate that everyone in this room knows that I 
have ex-boyfriend drama. I bet they’re all concocting their own 
outlandish reasons why I am no longer engaged, and not one of 
them has come up with the truth. 

Rachel grabs my hand and squeezes it tightly, then gives me a 
little shove in Martin’s direction as he gathers up his notebook and 
papers. 


‘Martin, can we have a word?’ I say. 


‘Not a great time, Tiffy,’ he says, with the air of a very important 
person who rarely has time for spontaneous meetings. 

‘Martin, mate, either you step into this meeting room with us or 
we adopt my plan, which was kicking you in the balls right now in 
front of everyone,’ Rachel says. 

A flash of fear crosses his face, and my anxiety evaporates. Look at 
him. He suspects we know now, so he’s back-peddling. Suddenly I 
can’t wait to hear what crap he comes up with. 

Rachel herds him into the only free meeting room with a door and 
clicks it shut behind us. She leans back against it, arms folded. 

‘What’s this about?’ Martin asks. 

‘Why don’t you hazard a guess, Martin?’ I say. My voice comes out 
surprisingly light and pleasant. 

‘I really have no idea,’ he blusters. ‘Is there a problem?’ 

‘If there is, how long will it be before Justin is informed of it?’ I 
ask. 

Martin meets my gaze. He looks like a cornered cat. 

‘I don’t know what you...’ he tries. 

‘Justin told me. He’s fickle like that.’ 

Martin sags. ‘Look, I was trying to help you out,’ he says. ‘He got in 
touch about our flat back in February, saying he was helping you 
look for a place, and made a deal with us so we could offer you our 
spare room for five hundred a month.’ 

Back in February? Bloody hell. 

‘How did he even know who you were?’ 

‘We’ve been friends on Facebook for ages. I think he added me 
when you guys first got serious — at the time I figured he was 


checking out the guys you work with, you know, the protective 
type. But I posted the ad about the flat on there and that’s how he 
got in touch.’ 

‘How much did he offer you?’ 

‘He said he’d pay the difference,’ Martin says. ‘Hana and I thought 
it was sweet of him.’ 

‘Oh, that’s Justin,’ I say through gritted teeth. 

‘And then when you didn’t take the room, he seemed so down. 
Wed got chatting when he popped around to discuss the 
arrangement, and then he asked if I could drop him a line every 
now and again, just letting him know how you are and what you’re 
up to so he doesn’t worry.’ 

‘And that didn’t strike you as, I don’t know, creepy?’ Rachel asks. 

‘No! Martin shakes his head. ‘It didn’t seem creepy. And he wasn’t 
paying me or anything - the only time I took money from him was 
to get Tasha Chai-Latte to come and film, OK?’ 

‘You took money from him for stalking Tiffy?’ Rachel says, visibly 
swelling with rage. 

Martin cringes. 

‘Hang on.’ I hold my hands up. ‘Go back to the start. He asked you 
to let him know where I was every now and then. So that’s how he 
knew Td be at that book launch in Shoreditch, and how he knew Id 
be on the cruise ship?’ 

‘I suppose so,’ Martin says. He shifts back and forth on his feet like 
a child who needs the toilet, and I find myself starting to feel a little 
sorry for him, which I immediately quash because the only thing 
getting me through this conversation is rage. 


‘And the trip to Wales for the shoot?’ I say. 

Martin visibly starts to sweat. ‘I, ah, he rang me about that one 
after I texted him to say where you'd be...’ 

I twitch. It’s so creepy I want to go and shower immediately. 

*...and he asked about the guy you'd be bringing to help out with 
the modelling. I gave him the physical description you’d given me. 
He went all quiet, and sounded really upset. He told me how much 
he still loved you, and how he knew this guy and he was going to 
ruin everything...’ 

‘So you spent the whole weekend running interference.’ 

‘I thought I was helping!’ 

‘Well, you sucked at it anyway, because we sneaked off and made 
out in the kitchen at three in the morning so HA!’ I say. 

‘In danger of losing the higher ground, there, Tiffy,’ Rachel says. 

‘Right, right. So, you debriefed Justin when we got back?’ 

‘Yeah. He wasn’t that happy with how I'd handled things. Suddenly 
I felt really bad, you know? I hadn’t done enough.’ 

‘Oh, this man is good,’ Rachel says under her breath. 

‘Anyway, then he wanted to plan this big proposal. It was all very 
romantic.’ 

‘Especially the part where he paid you to get Tasha Chai-Latte to 
film it,’ I say. 

‘He said he wanted the whole world to see it!’ Martin protests. 

‘He wanted Leon to see it. How much did that even cost? I should 
have known it couldn’t have come out of the book’s budget.’ 

‘Fifteen thousand,’ Martin says sheepishly. ‘And two for me for 


organising.’ 


‘Seventeen thousand pounds?!’ Rachel shrieks. ‘My God!’ 

‘And a bit leftover, so I got Katherin that limo, in case it would 
persuade her to do that interview with Piers Morgan. I just... 
figured Justin must really love you,’ Martin says. 

‘No, you didn’t,’ I tell him flatly. “You didn’t really care. You just 
wanted Justin to like you. He has that effect on a lot of people. Has 
he contacted you since he proposed to me?’ 

Martin shakes his head, looking nervous. ‘I figured from the way 
you left the party that it hadn’t exactly gone as he’d hoped. Do you 
think he’ll be mad at me?’ 

‘Do I think.. ” I take a deep breath. ‘Martin. I do not care if Justin 
is mad at you. Soon, I will be taking Justin to court for harassment 
or stalking, once my lawyer has got around to figuring out which of 
those she likes better.’ 

Martin goes even paler than he usually is, which is saying 
something. I’m surprised I can’t see the whiteboard through him. 

‘So you'd be prepared to testify?’ I say briskly. 

‘What? No!’ 

‘Why not?’ 

‘Well, it’s ... this would be very embarrassing for me, and this is a 
really important time at work—’ 

“You are a very weak man, Martin,’ I tell him. 

He blinks. His lip shakes a little. TlH think about it,’ he says 
eventually. 

‘Good. See you in court, Martin.’ 

I sweep out of the room with Rachel in tow, and as I head to my 
desk I feel exhilarated. Particularly as Rachel is quietly but 


unmistakably humming ‘Eye of the Tiger’ as we walk through the 
office. 

The world seems like a slightly brighter place after the Martin 
showdown. I sit up taller and decide I’m not ashamed about what 
happened at the party. So my ex-boyfriend proposed to me and I 
said no — so what? Nothing wrong with that. In fact, Ruby gives me 
a silent high-five on my way to the bathroom mid-afternoon, and 
with Rachel sending me girl-power songs every fifteen minutes | 
start to feel quite . .. empowered about it all. 

It takes enormous effort to concentrate on work, but in the end I 
manage it: I am researching a new trend in cupcake icing when I 
get the call. Almost instantly, I realise that I will always remember 
this website about icing-bag nozzles. It’s that kind of call. 

‘Tiffy? says Leon. 

‘Yeah?’ 

‘Tiffy... 

‘Leon, are you OK?’ My heart is pounding. 

‘He’s out.’ 

‘Hes...’ 

‘Richie. 

‘Oh my God. Say it again.’ 

‘Richie is out. Not guilty.’ 

I let out a shriek that sends every single person in the office 
staring my way. I make a face and cover the phone for a moment. 

‘Friend won the lottery!’ I mouth to Francine, the nearest nosy 
person, and let her trundle off to spread that particular piece of 


news. If I don’t nip this in the bud they’ll all think I’m engaged 
again. 

‘Leon, I don’t even... I really thought it would be tomorrow!’ 

‘So did I. So did Gerty.’ 

‘So...is he just . . . out? In the world? God, I can’t imagine Richie 
out in the world! What does he even look like, by the way?’ 

Leon laughs, and the sound makes my stomach flip. ‘He’ll be at 
our place tonight. You can finally meet him.’ 

‘This is unbelievable.’ 

‘I know. I can’t actually ... I keep thinking it’s a dream.’ 

‘I don’t even know what to say. Where are you now?’ I ask, 
bouncing in my chair. 

Tm at work.’ 

‘Didn’t you have the day off?’ 

‘Didn’t know what to do with myself. You want to come down here 
after you finish? No worries if it’s too out of your way, I’ll be home 
by seven, I just thought—’ 

‘TIl be there at half five.’ 

‘Actually, I should come meet you .. .’ 

‘I can do it on my own. Really - I’ve had a good day, I can do it. See 
you at half five!’ 


72 


Leon 


Drift around wards, checking charts, giving fluids. Speak to patients 
and amaze myself by managing to sound normal and to talk about 
something other than the fact that my brother is finally coming 
home. 

Home. 

Richie is coming home. 

Keep rearing away from the thought, the way I always had to - my 
mind pastes Richie back into my life, and then it jumps away as if 
it’s touched something hot, because I’d never let myself finish that 
thought. It was too painful. Too hopeful. 

Except now it’s real. Will be real, in just a few hours’ time. 

He’ll meet Tiffy. They’ll talk just like they do on the phone only 
face to face, on my sofa. It’s literally too good to be true. Until you 
remember that he should never have been in jail in the first place, 
of course, but even that thought can’t kill the euphoria. 


I’m in the hospice kitchen making tea when I hear my name, on 


repeat, very loudly and getting louder all the time. 

Tiffy: Leon! Leon! Leon! 

I turn around just in time. She piles into me, rain-wet hair, pink 
cheeks, big smile. 

Me: Whoa! 

Tiffy, very close to my ear: Leon Leon Leon! 

Me: Ouch? 

Tiffy: Sorry. Sorry. I just... 

Me: Are you crying? 

Tiffy: What? No. 

Me: You are. You are incredible. 

She blinks at me, surprised, eyes bright with happy tears. 

Me: You’ve never even met Richie. 

She links arms with me and spins me back to the kettle just as it 
boils. 

Tiffy: Well, ’'ve met you, and Richie’s your little brother. 

Me: Just to warn you, he’s not that little. 

Tiffy reaches for the mug cupboard and pulls out two, then rifles 
through the teabags and pours the kettle as if she’s been in and out 
of this kitchen for years. 

Tiffy: And anyway, I feel like I know Richie. We’ve talked tons of 
times. You don’t have to meet face to face to know someone. 

Me: Speaking of... 

Tiffy: Where are we going? 

Me: Just come on. I want to show you something. 

Tiffy: Teas! Teas! 

I pause and wait as she adds milk painstakingly slowly. She shoots 


a cheeky little glance over her shoulder; I immediately want to 
undress her. 

Me: Are we ready? 

Tiffy: OK. We’re ready. 

She hands me a mug and I take it, and the hand that offered it too. 
Almost everyone we pass along the corridor says, ‘Oh, hi, Tiffy!’ or 
‘You must be Tiffy” or ‘Oh my God Leon really does have a 
girlfriend!’ but I am in too good a mood to find it annoying. 

Tug Tiffy back as she goes to open the door to Coral Ward. 

Me: Wait, just look through the window. 

We both lean in. 

Johnny White hasn’t left his side since the weekend. Mr Prior is 
asleep, but still his papery, sun-blotched hand rests in Johnny 
White’s palm. They’ve had three whole days together - more than 
JW could have hoped for. 

Always worth walking through those doors. 

Tiffy: Johnny White the Sixth was the real Johnny White? Is this 
literally the best day ever? Has there been some sort of 
announcement issued? An elixir in everyone’s breakfast? A golden 
ticket in the cereal box? 

I kiss her firmly on the mouth. Behind us, one of the junior 
doctors says to another junior doctor, ‘Amazing - I always assumed 
Leon didn’t like anyone who didn’t have a terminal illness!’ 

Me: I think it’s just a good day, Tiffy. 

Tiffy: Well, I guess we are all overdue one. 


73 


Tiffy 


‘OK, how do I look?’ 

‘Relax,’ Leon says, lying back on the bed, one arm behind his head. 
‘Richie already loves you.’ 

Tm meeting a member of your family!’ I protest. ‘I want to look 
good. I want to look .. . smart and beautiful and witty, and maybe to 
channel a bit of Sookie in the earlier series of Gilmore Girls?’ 

‘I have no idea what you're talking about.’ 

I huff. ‘Fine. Mo!’ 

‘Yeah?’ Mo calls from the living room. 

‘Can you tell me if this outfit makes me look cool and 
sophisticated or tired and mumsy, please?’ 

‘If you’re asking the question, lose the outfit,’ Gerty calls. 

I roll my eyes. ‘I didn’t ask you! You don’t like any of my clothes 
anyway!’ 

‘That’s not true, I like some of them. Just not in the combinations 


you choose to adopt.’ 


‘You look perfect,’ Leon says, smiling up at me. His whole face 
looks different today, like someone flicked a switch back there that 
I didn’t even know about, and now everything is brighter. 

‘No, Gerty’s right,’ I say, shrugging out of the wrap dress and 
reaching for my favourite green skinny jeans and a loose-knit 
jumper. ‘I’m trying too hard.’ 

‘Youre trying just the right amount,’ Leon tells me as I hop on one 
leg, pulling up the jeans. 

‘Is there any statement I could say this evening that you wouldn’t 
automatically agree with?’ 

He narrows his eyes. ‘A conundrum,’ he says. ‘The answer is no, 
but saying that would mean I’d contradict myself.’ 

‘He agrees with everything I say, and he’s so clever, too!’ I crawl 
across the bed to straddle him and kiss him, letting my body melt 
against his. When I pull back to put my top on, he protests, holding 
me close, and I smile, swatting his hands. “This outfit even you must 
admit is not appropriate,’ I point out. 

The buzzer for the building door goes off three times, and Leon 
jumps up so quickly that I’m almost thrown off the bed. 

‘Sorry!’ he calls over his shoulder as he heads to the door. I hear 
Mo or Gerty lift the receiver to let Richie up into the building. 

My stomach flips as I yank on the knitted jumper and run my 
fingers through my hair. I wait to hear Richie’s voice at our front 
door, hanging back to give him and Leon the moment they’ve been 
waiting for. 

Instead, I hear Justin. 

‘I want to talk to you,’ he says. 


‘Oh. Hello, Justin,’ Leon says. 

At this point, I notice that I’m already hugging my arms close to 
myself and tucking my body in against the wardrobe so nobody who 
leans in to check the flat will see me in the bedroom doorway, and I 
suddenly feel like screaming. He does not get to come here and do 
this to me. I want him gone, really gone, not just out of my life, but 
out of my head as well. I am done with cowering behind doors and 
feeling frightened. 

Well, I’m not, obviously, because you don’t get over shit like this 
that quickly, but temporarily I am done with it and I’m going to 
make the most of this current wave of crazy angry confidence. I 
round the corner. 

Justin is squared up in the doorway, broad, muscled and visibly 
angry. 

‘Justin,’ I say, moving to stand beside Leon until I’m only a few feet 
from Justin. I rest a hand on the door, ready to slam it closed. 

‘Tm here to talk to Leon,’ Justin says shortly. He doesn’t even look 
at me. 

I recoil despite myself, my confidence instantly drained. 

‘If you’re thinking of proposing to me too, the answer’s no,’ Leon 
says pleasantly. Justin’s hands bunch into fists at the joke; he starts 
forward, body coiled, eyes flashing. I flinch. 

‘Watch that foot, Justin,’ says Gerty sharply from behind me. ‘If it 
gets any closer to being inside this flat, your lawyer will have a lot 
more to talk to me about.’ 

I watch the thought hit Justin, see him re-evaluate. ‘I don’t 


remember your friends being this interfering when we were 


together, Tiffy? He snarls the words, and my heart thunders in my 
chest. I think he’s drunk. That is not good. 

‘Oh, we wanted to be,’ Mo says. 

I take a deep, shaky breath. ‘Leaving me was the best thing you 
ever did for me, Justin,’ I say, doing my best to stand as squarely as 
he is on the other side of the threshold. “‘We’re done. That’s it. Leave 
me alone.’ 

‘We’re not done,’ he says impatiently. 

Tm getting a restraining order,’ I choke out before he can say 
anything else. 

‘No you’re not,’ Justin scoffs. ‘Come on, Tiffy. Stop being such a 
child.’ 

I slam the door in his face so hard everyone jumps, including me. 

‘Fuck!’ Justin yells from the other side of the door, and then 
there’s the sound of a fist being rammed into the door and the 
handle rattles hard. 

I let out a little whimper despite myself, backing away. I can’t 
believe I just slammed the door in Justin’s face. 

‘Police,’ Leon mouths at us. 

Gerty flicks on her phone and dials the number, reaching with her 
other hand to clasp my fingers tightly. Mo is at my side in moments, 
standing at my shoulder as I watch Leon slip the new chain across 
and lean his weight against the door. 

‘This is so fucking crazy,’ I say weakly. ‘I can’t believe this is 
happening.’ 

‘Let me in! Justin roars from the other side of the door. 

‘Police,’ Gerty says into the phone. 


Justin hammers with both fists on the door, and I think of how he 
pressed his finger against the buzzer all those weeks ago, how he 
wouldn’t let up until Leon opened the door. I swallow. Each bang 
seems louder than the last, until I feel like they’re right in my ears. 
My eyes are wet with tears; Gerty and Mo are all but holding me up. 
So much for being done with feeling frightened. As Justin roars and 
rages on the other side of the door, I watch Leon, face drawn and 
serious, as he looks around for other ways to barricade us in. To my 
left, Gerty answers questions on the phone. 

And then, suddenly, all the madness and noise stops. Leon gives us 
a questioning look, then checks the handle - the door is still locked. 

‘Why’s he stopped?’ I ask, gripping Gerty’s hand so tightly I can 
see my fingers going white. 

‘He’s stopped banging on the door,’ Gerty says into the phone. I 
hear a tinny voice respond. ‘She says he may be trying to find a way 
to break down the door. We should move into another room. Step 
away from the door, Leon.’ 

‘Wait,’ Leon whispers, leaning to listen to what’s going on outside 
in the corridor. 

His face breaks into a grim smile. He gestures for all of us to come 
closer; tentative, with shaking knees, I let Mo lead me to the door. 
Gerty stays back, speaking quietly into her phone. 

‘You'd love prison, Justin,’ says a warm voice on the other side of 
the door, with an unmistakable accent. ‘Really. Loads of guys like 
you there.’ 

‘Richie!’ I whisper. ‘But — he mustn’t . . .. We’ve just got Richie out 
of prison. A fight with Justin will not end well for Richie, even if in 


the short term it means getting him out of the building. 

‘Good point,’ Leon says, eyes widening. He reaches to unlock the 
door, and I notice his hands are shaking slightly too. From the 
sounds of their voices Richie seems close to the door, and Justin 
further away, towards the stairs, but still. I scrub my eyes fiercely. I 
don’t want Justin to know what he does to me. I don’t want to give 
him that power. 

Justin makes a rush for us as Leon swings the door open, but 
Richie pushes him nonchalantly, and Justin stumbles into the wall, 
swearing, as Richie steps inside and Leon pulls the door closed 
quickly behind him. It’s over in a couple of seconds; I barely have 
time to process the look on Justin’s face as he lunged towards me, 
desperate to force his way in through the door. What’s happened to 
him? He was never like this. Never violent. His anger was always 
tightly controlled; his punishments were clever and cruel. This is 
messy and desperate. 

‘Nice bloke, your ex,’ Richie says to me with a wink. ‘Serious case 
of the red mist going on out there. He’s going to regret punching 
the door so much in the morning, I can tell you that.’ He chucks a 
spare set of keys down on the sideboard — that must’ve been how he 
got inside the building without buzzing. 

I blink a few times and take a proper look at him. No wonder 
Justin went quiet when Richie turned up in the corridor. He is 
enormous. Six foot four at least, and the kind of muscular that only 
happens when you’ve got nothing to do with your time except 
exercise. His black hair is buzzed short, and there are strings of 
tattoos down his forearms and one curling up his neck, peeking up 


under the collar of his court shirt - along with a cord necklace, 
which I’d bet matches Leon’s one. He has the same thoughtful, 
deep-brown eyes as Leon, too, though they’re a little more 
mischievous-looking. 

‘The police will be here in ten minutes,’ Gerty says calmly. ‘Hello, 
Richie. How are you?’ 

‘Devastated to discover you have a boyfriend,’ Richie says, clapping 
Mo on the shoulder with a grin. I could swear Mo sinks an inch or 
so deeper into the carpet. ‘I owe you a dinner out!’ 

‘Oh, don’t let me stop you,’ Mo says hastily. 

Richie hugs Leon so hard I can hear their bodies colliding. ‘Don’t 
worry about that prick outside,’ he says to both of us as he pulls 
back. Through the door, Justin throws something; whatever it is 
smashes against the wall and I wince bodily. I’m shaking all over - I 
have been since I first heard his voice — but Richie just gives me a 
friendly unquestioning smile, and it’s like an echo of Leon’s 
lopsided grin - a warm smile, the sort that makes you instantly feel 
more comfortable. ‘Pleasure to meet you in the flesh, Tiffy,’ he says. 
‘And thank you for looking after my brother.’ 

Tm not sure this counts,’ I manage, pointing to the door as it 
shakes in the frame. 

Richie waves a hand. ‘Honestly. If he gets in here, he’ll have to deal 
with me and Leon - and... sorry, man, we’ve not been introduced.’ 

‘Mo,’ Mo says, looking very much like the sort of man who sits in a 
chair and talks for a living, and has suddenly stumbled upon a 
scenario where this might put him at a disadvantage. 

‘And me and Tiffy, Gerty says sharply. ‘What is this, medieval 


times? I bet I’m better at punching people than Leon.’ 

‘Let me the fuck in! Justin roars through the door. 

‘He’s drunk, too,’ Richie says cheerfully, and then he lifts our 
armchair and shuffles us out of the way so he can dump it in front 
of the door. ‘There. No use us hanging about in here now, is there? 
Lee, balcony still where it used to be?’ 

‘Umm, yeah,’ Leon begins, looking slightly shell-shocked. He’s 
moved around to take Mo’s place beside me, and I lean into his 
hand as he strokes my back, letting that sensation pull me together 
again. Every time Justin yells or thumps the door I flinch, but now 
that Richie is here weightlifting furniture, and Leon has his arm 
around me, the flinching is no longer accompanied by totally 
blinding fear and panic. Which is nice. 

Richie ushers us all out on to the balcony and shuts the glass door 
behind us. We barely fit; Gerty curls into Mo in one corner, and I fit 
myself in front of Leon in the other, leaving Richie most of the 
space, which is exactly what he needs. He breathes in and out 
deeply, beaming at the view from the balcony. 

‘London!’ he says, spreading his arms out wide. ‘I’ve missed this. 
Look at it!’ 

Behind, back in the flat, the door thuds over and over again. Leon 
pulls me tightly against him, burying his face in my hair and 
breathing warm, calming breaths against my neck. 

‘And we even get a great vantage point for when the police turn 
up, Richie tells us, turning to wink at me. ‘Didn’t think I’d be 
seeing them again so soon, I have to say.’ 


‘Sorry,’ I say, miserable. 


‘Don’t be,’ Richie says firmly, in the same moment that Leon 
shakes his head into my hair, and Mo says, ‘Don’t apologise, Tiffy.’ 
Even Gerty rolls her eyes in an affectionate sort of way. 

I look around at them all, huddled out on the balcony with me. It 
helps - only a little, but I don’t think anything could help more 
than a little right now. I close my eyes and lean into Leon, 
concentrating on my breathing the way Lucie told me to, and try to 
imagine that the banging noise is just that - a noise and nothing 
more. It'll stop eventually. Breathing deeply, Leon’s arms around 
me, I feel a new sort of certainty settle. Even Justin cannot last for 


eveT. 


74 


Leon 


The police take Justin away. He’s basically foaming at the mouth. 
One look at him and you can see what’s happened: a man who has 
always had control has lost it. But, as Gerty points out, this will at 
least make the restraining order more straightforward. 

We inspect the door. He’s dented the wood with kicking, and 
chipped off chunks of paint with his fists. There’s blood too. Tiffy 
turns her head aside as she sees it. I wonder what it can possibly 
feel like, seeing that, after everything she’s been through. Knowing 
that she loved this man, and that he loved her, in his way. 

Thank God for Richie. The man radiates joy tonight. As Richie 
launches into yet another story about the lengths ‘Bozo’ would go 
to for first dibs on the weights machine, I watch the colour come 
back into Tiffy’s cheeks, her shoulders lift, her lips slide into a 
smile. Better. I’m relaxing too, with each sign of improvement. I 
couldn’t bear to see her that way, jumping, crying, afraid. Even 
watching Justin carted away by a police officer wasn’t enough to 


ease the rage. 

But now, three hours post-police drama, we’re scattered around 
the living room just like I imagined it. If you squinted, you’d hardly 
even notice that the evening I’ve been looking forward to for the 
last year was briefly interrupted by an irate man attempting to 
break and enter. Tiffy and I have taken the beanbag. Gerty has pride 
of place on the sofa, leaning up against Mo. Richie is ruling the 
room from the armchair, which hasn’t quite returned to its usual 
place since it was used to blockade the door, so now just sits 
somewhere between the hall and the living room. 

Richie: I called it. Just saying. 

Gerty: When, though? Because I called it too, but I don’t believe 
you could have called it right from the— 

Richie: From the moment Leon told me he was getting some 
woman in to sleep in his bed when he wasn’t there. 

Gerty: Not possible. 

Richie, expansively: Come on! You can’t share a bed and not share 
anything else, if you know what I’m saying. 

Gerty: What about Kay? 

Richie waves a hand dismissively. 

Richie: Eh. Kay. 

Tiffy: Come on now— 

Richie: Oh, she was sweet enough, but she was never right for 
Leon. 

Me, to Gerty and Mo: What did you think at the start? 

Tiffy: Oh, God, don’t ask them that. 

Gerty, promptly: We thought it was a dreadful idea. 


Mo: Bear in mind you could have been anyone. 

Gerty: You could have been a disgusting pervert, for instance. 

Richie roars with laughter and reaches for another beer. He has 
not had a drink in eleven months. I consider telling him that his 
tolerance will not be what it once was, and then contemplate how 
Richie will react to this suggestion (almost certainly drinking more 
to prove me wrong) and decide not to bother. 

Mo: We even tried to give Tiffy money so she wouldn’t do it— 

Gerty: Which she said no to, obviously— 

Mo: And then it became clear that this was part of getting away 
from Justin, and we just had to let her do it her own way. 

Richie: And you didn’t see it coming? Tiffy and Leon? 

Mo: No. To be honest, I didn’t think Tiffy would have been ready 
for a guy like Leon yet. 

Me: What sort of guy is that? 

Richie: Fiendishly handsome? 

Me: Gangly? Big-eared? 

Tiffy, wryly: He means a non-psychotic guy. 

Mo: Well, yes. It takes a long time to escape from relationships like 
that— 

Gerty, briskly: No Justin-talk. 

Mo: Sorry. I was just trying to say how well Tiffy did. How hard it 
must have been for her to break out of that before it became a 
pattern. 

Richie and I exchange glances. I think of Mam. 

Gerty rolls her eyes. 

Gerty: Honestly. Dating a counsellor is dreadful, by the way. This 


man has no concept of light-heartedness. 

Tiffy: And you do? 

Gerty pokes Tiffy with one foot in response. 

Tiffy, grabbing the foot and pulling: Anyway, this is really what we 
want to hear about. You never did fill me in properly about you and 
Mo! How? When? Excluding penis-related details, as discussed. 

Richie: Eh? 

Me: Just go with it. It’s best to let the in-jokes wash over you. 
Eventually they start to make some sort of sense. 

Tiffy: Just wait until you meet Rachel. Queen of the inappropriate 
in-joke. 

Richie: Sounds like my kind of girl. 

Tiffy looks thoughtful at this, and I raise my eyebrows warningly 
at her. Bad idea to match-make Richie. As much as I love my 
brother, he does tend to break hearts. 

Me: Go on, Mo, Gerty? 

Mo, to Gerty: You tell it. 

Tiffy: No, no, Gerty’s version will sound like something she’d read 
out in court — Mo, give us the romantic version of events, please. 

Mo gives a sidelong look at Gerty to see how cross that’s made her; 
thankfully she’s three glasses of wine in, and has just settled for 
glaring at Tiffy. 

Mo: Well, it started when we moved in together. 

Gerty: Although Mo was in love with me for ages before that, 
apparently. 

Mo shoots her a mildly irritated look. 

Mo: And Gerty has liked me for over a year, she said. 


Gerty: In confidence! 

Tiffy makes an impatient noise in the back of her throat. 

Tiffy: And youre all loved-up? Sleeping in the same bed and all 
that? 

There is a shifty sort of silence; Mo looks at his feet, 
uncomfortable. Tiffy smiles up at Gerty, reaching to squeeze her 
hand. 

Richie: Well. Looks like I need to find myself a flatmate, don’t I? 


SEPTEMBER 


Two years later 


EPILOGUE 


Tiffy 


There’s a note on the door of the flat when I get home from work. 
This isn’t unusual per se, but as a rule Leon and I try to confine our 
notes to the inside of our home. You know, so as not to advertise 
our peculiarities to the neighbours. 


Warning: imminent romantic gesture. 
(Be assured, it is very low-budget.) 


I snort with laughter and turn the key in the door. The flat looks 
the same as ever: cluttered, multi-coloured, and just like home. It’s 
only when I go to chuck my bag down in the spot by the door that I 
see the next note on the wall there. 


Step one: dress for adventure. Please assemble outfit from wardrobe. 


I stare at the note, bemused. This is eccentric even by Leon’s 
standards. I shrug off my coat and scarf and leave them on the back 
of the sofa. (It’s a sofa-bed these days, which only just fits in our 


living room even once we sacrificed the telly, but no place will be 
home unless there’s a bed for Richie to stay in.) 

On the inside of the wardrobe door, the note is folded over and 
stuck with Sellotape. On the outside, it reads: 


Are you wearing something Tiffy-ish yet? 


I mean, I am, but it’s a work outfit so there’s more of a nod to 
normality than usual (i.e. ’ve tried to make sure at least two items 
are not direct opposites on a colour wheel). I riffle through the 
wardrobe looking for something suitably ‘adventurous’, whatever 
that means. 

I pause on the blue and white dress I bought a couple of years 
back. The one Leon calls my Famous Five dress. It’s a little 
impractical for a cold day, but with my thick grey tights and the 
yellow mac from Help the Aged... 

Once dressed, I unstick the note from the wardrobe door and read 
the message inside. 


Hello again. Bet you look beautiful. 

You need to collect a few more things before you set off adventuring, if 
you don’t mind. The first is in the spot where we first met. (Don’t worry. 
It’s waterproof.) 


I grin and head off to the bathroom, moving more quickly now. 
What exactly is Leon up to here? Where am I supposed to be going? 
Now I’ve got my adventuring dress on, the end-of-day work slump 
has lifted - probably Leon knew Id feel better with something 
colourful on - and a fizzing giddy feeling is growing in my stomach. 


There’s an envelope hanging from the showerhead, carefully and 
very thoroughly wrapped in clingfilm. On the outside of it is a Post- 


it note. 


Don’t read me yet, please. 

The next thing you need is in the spot where we first kissed. (Well, not 
exact spot as sofa has changed. But please overlook this for the sake of the 
romantic gesture.) 


It’s another envelope, tucked between the sofa cushions. This one 
reads open me, so I do as I’m told. Inside there is a train ticket from 
London to Brighton. I frown, completely flummoxed. Why 
Brighton? We’ve not been since before we were together, back 
when we were looking for Johnny White. 

The note behind the ticket reads: 


The last thing you need is with Bobby for safekeeping. He’s expecting you. 


Bobby is the man we once knew as Strange Man in Flat 5. He’s a 
firm friend now, and has thankfully realised you cannot make cider 
from a banana and moved on to more conventional apple cider. It is 
very tasty and invariably gives me an extremely bad hangover. 

I take the stairs two at a time and knock on his door, shifting 
impatiently from one foot to the other. 

He answers in his favourite tracksuit bottoms (I sewed the hole up 
for him last year. It was getting indecent. I patched it up with a few 
inches of pink gingham I had lying about, though, so he definitely 
doesn’t look less strange). 

‘Tiffany!’ he says, then shuffles off immediately, leaving me in the 


doorway. I crane my neck. Eventually he re-emerges holding a small 
cardboard box with a Post-it note stuck to it. ‘There you are!’ he 
says, and beams. ‘Off you go!’ 


‘Thanks?’ I say, examining the box. 


Once you get to Brighton, head to the beach by the pier. You’ll know the 
spot when you see it. 
* 

It’s the most excruciating train journey I’ve ever taken. I’m itching 
with curiosity. I can hardly sit still. By the time I get to Brighton it’s 
dark, but it’s easy to find my way to the seafront; I walk so fast 
towards the pier that I’m almost jogging, which is something I only 
do in extreme circumstances, so I really must be excited. 

I see what Leon means as soon as I get there. I couldn’t miss the 
spot. 

There’s an armchair on the pebbles, thirty yards or so from the 
sea. It’s covered in multi-coloured blankets and strewn around it 
amongst the rocks there are dozens of tealights. 

I cover my mouth. My heart’s thumping triple-speed. As I make my 
way over, stumbling on the pebbles, I look around for Leon, but 
there’s no sign of him - the whole beach is deserted. 

The note on the chair is weighed down with a large shell. 


Sit, wrap up warm, and open the envelope when you’re ready. Then the 
box. 


I rip off the clingfilm and tear the envelope open as soon as I’m 
sitting down. To my surprise it’s in Gerty’s handwriting. 


Dear Tiffy, 

Leon has enlisted me and Mo to help with this madcap scheme because he 
says you value our opinions. I suspect it is actually because he is a little 
afraid and doesn’t want to do this on his own. I won’t hold that against 
him, though. A bit of humility is good in a man. 

Tiffany, we have never seen you as happy as you are now. That came 
from you — you built that happiness for yourself. But there is no shame in 
saying that Leon helped. 

We love him, Tiffy. He is good for you in the way that only a very good 
man could be. 

It’s your decision, of course, but he wanted you to know: he has our 
blessing. 

Mo and Gerty x 

P.S. He asked me to say that he didn’t ask your father’s permission, on 
account of that being ‘a bit archaic and patriarchal’, but he feels ‘fairly 
confident Brian is on board’. 


I laugh shakily, wiping the tears from my cheeks. My dad adores 
Leon. He’s been calling him ‘son’ in embarrassing social situations 
for at least a year. 

My hands tremble as I reach for the cardboard box. The Sellotape 
takes an agonisingly long time to work loose, but when I manage to 
get the lid off I start crying in earnest. 

There’s a ring inside, nestled in a bundle of rainbow-coloured 
tissue paper. It’s beautiful: vintage, a little wonky, with an oval 
amber stone in its centre. 


And there’s one last note. 


Tiffany Rose Moore of Flat 3, Madeira House, Stockwell, 
Would you like to be my wife? 

Take some time to think about it. If you want to see me, I’m at the Bunny 
Hop Inn, room 6. 

I love you x 


When I can, when my shoulders have stopped shaking from 
happy-crying and I’ve wiped my eyes and blown my nose, I head 
back up the beach to the warm light of the Bunny Hop Inn. 

He’s waiting for me on the bed in room 6, sitting cross-legged, 
fidgeting. He’s nervous. 

I take him at a flying leap. He lets out a happy sort of oof as I roll 
him back on to the bed. 

‘Yes?’ he asks after a moment, pushing back my hair so he can 
look at my face. 

‘Leon Twomey,’ I say, ‘only you could find a method of proposing 
that means you don’t actually have to be there.’ I kiss him hard. 
‘Yes. Absolutely definitely yes.’ 

‘Sure?’ he asks, pulling back to look at me properly. 

Tm sure.’ 

‘Really?’ 

‘Really really.’ 

‘It’s not too much?’ 

‘Bloody hell, Leon!’ I say, exasperated. I look around and reach for 
the hotel stationery on the bedside table. 


YES. I would love to marry you. 


Now it’s written down it is unequivocal and probably binding in a court 


of law although check with Gerty because I literally just made that up right 


NOW. XX 


I wave the note under his nose so he gets the gist, then tuck it in 
the pocket of his shirt. He pulls me in and presses his lips to the 
crown of my head. I can feel that he’s doing one of those lopsided 
smiles, and it all seems too good, as if we can’t possibly deserve it, 
as if we’re taking too much happiness and not leaving enough for 
everyone else. 

‘This is the bit where we turn on the telly and a nuclear war has 
started,’ I say, twisting to lie down next to him. 

He smiles. ‘I don’t think so. Doesn’t work that way. Sometimes the 
happy thing just happens.’ 

‘Look at you, with all the sunny optimism! That’s usually my jam, 
not yours.’ 

‘Not sure what’s brought it on. Recent betrothal? Bright future? 
Love-of-life in arms? Hard to say.’ 

I chuckle, nuzzling into his chest, breathing him in. ‘You smell 
like home,’ I tell him after a moment. 

‘You are home,’ he says simply. “The bed, the flat...’ 

He pauses, the way he always does when he’s looking for enough 
words for something big. 

‘It was never home until you were there, Tiffy.’ 